Naomi:	Excuse me!?
Violet:	What!?
Belle:	(Mmmm, just what I like...)
Eve:	I'm joking. Just strip down to your underwear.
Narr:	Although, someone didn't waste any time...
svi:	Stacy!
Stacy:	What? Didn't she say naked?
Belle:	*Laughs*
Eve:	*Sigh* Please, leave your top on.
Stacy:	*apathetic* Naked or underwear, which is it?
Eve:	This isn't a joke, we need to check you for any contraband.
Naomi:	No way! I'm not stripping in front of everyone!
Naomi:	You can't make me!
Eve:	Then I'll have to ask you to leave the camp.
Naomi:	LEAVE?! (Fuck! I can't afford for Daddy to hear about this...)
Eve:	Red Falls is a rehabilitation center for people who wish to heal and grow...
Eve:	If you don't cooperate, we cannot help, which defeats the purpose.
Eve:	Now, I'll ask you again...
Belle:	Excuse me, but I'm not wearing any underwear.
Eve:	*Sigh* Please go inside and put some on.
Belle:	'Kaaay!
Narr:	Casually, Belle walks towards the cabin.
Eve:	Where were we? Ah, yes...
Eve:	I think I've said all there is to say.
Naomi:	*Scoff*
Narr:	Reluctantly, Naomi and Violet start stripping.
Narr:	Seeing several beautiful girls strip in front of you leaves you speechless...
Narr:	You can feel the blood rushing to your nether regions.
Me: 	(Fuck, I really gotta keep my boner in check.)
Me: 	(Just think about the horrible consequences if they notice your hard-on right now, Dennis...)
Me: 	(Remember the time you farted in the dean's office... Funny, yet deeply embarrassing.)
Me: 	(Yeah, that will do.)
Eve:	[m!ct].
Me: 	Huh? Yeah?
Eve:	Walk around the girls and check them out. I want to make sure they aren't hiding anything.
Me: 	Of course. (Like I haven't "checked" them out too much already.)
Narr:	You, along with Eve, approach the girls.
Narr:	Walking around them, you check "if they're hiding anything", while Eve starts patting them down...
Eve:	Hope my hands aren't cold. *chuckle*
Eve:	(So young and pretty, I'm kind of jealous...)
Eve:	(I'm sure Dennis's getting an eyeful right about now.)
Violet:	...
Eve:	I know it's uncomfortable, girls, but I assure you...
Eve:	It really is standard procedure...
Eve:	For your safety and ours.
Me: 	(Damn, every chick here is smoking hot...)
Me: 	(It's making me a little uncomfortable.)
Me: 	([m!ct]! You're working right now...)
Me: 	(Just think about work...)
Narr:	At that moment, Belle pops out of the cabin wearing only underwear...
Narr:	Quite skimpy underwear, naturally.
Belle:	All done! (Wonder how they like my outfit, heheh.)
Me: 	Holy... (That's not helpful.)
Naomi:	Jesus Christ, Belle! Don't you have something less provocative?
Belle:	Nope. I only wear stuff like this.
Belle:	It's really freeing! *Giggle*
Stacy:	...
Violet:	(Why do I feel embarrassed? At least I don't dress as slutty as she does.)
Eve:	Alright, Belle, go back inside and get dressed.
Eve:	(Obviously, she isn't hiding anything under that skimpy outfit.)
Belle:	Whaaat?! Already!?
Eve:	"Pretty please".
Belle:	*Sigh* Okay.
Narr:	Giving her goods a decent jiggle, Belle prances back into her cabin.
Me: 	(Wow, she definitely enjoys attention...)
Me: 	(I wonder if she's faking it.)
Narr:	From the corner of your eye, you notice Eve looking at you.
Eve:	Okay, they check out.
Me: 	Same here.
Eve:	Okay, thank you, ladies. You can put your clothes back on.
Belle:	Better?
Narr:	Belle appears again, clothed this time.
Eve:	Not really... but it will have to do.
Belle:	*Pout* (No reaction? What is she? Some kind of saint?)
Me: 	(Usually, the quiet ones are the biggest pervs, which means she's...)
Eve:	[m!ct]?
Me: 	Huh? Yeah? (Are we doing a bit?)
Eve:	We need to check their cabins next. I'll leave that to you.
Eve:	Take the girls with you and check their cabins. Confiscate any contraband you find.
Eve:	I hope you remember what we consider contraband.
Me: 	Yeah, yeah... Phones, weapons, drugs, blah-blah-blah...
Narr:	Turning towards the girls, you consider whose cabin to inspect first.
    Narr:	Turning towards the girls, you consider whose cabin to inspect first.
            Me: 	Okay, you two, follow me.
            Narr:	Trying to ignore her attitude, you turn towards the two remaining girls...
            Me: 	Okay, you two, let's go.
            Me: 	Your cabin's next.
        Narr:	Obediently, Naomi and Violet follow you inside.
        Naomi:	So? Who's the first victim?
        Me: 	Guess I'll start with Violet.
        Narr:	Rummaging through her stuff, you find a lot of sport outfits, running shoes and resistance bands.
        Narr:	Nothing that could be considered contraband.
        Me: 	Alright, you check out.
        Narr:	Violet smiles, appearing pleased.
        Violet:	I already read the guidelines before arriving, and prepared accordingly.
        Naomi:	Good job, "little miss perfect".
        Naomi:	Tell me, are you always this boring?
        Violet:	I-It's called being an adult.
        Violet:	*Whispers* Something you'll always suck at...
        Naomi:	Oh, I've done more adult stuff than you'll do in a lifetime.
        Me: 	*Cough* Do I really need to scold you two "adults" for fighting, again?
        Narr:	A bit embarrassed, the girls blush a bit and look away.
        Me: 	Anyway, moving on to Naomi...
        Naomi:	Do your worst.
        Narr:	Going through her stuff, you find lots of expensive designer clothes, a bunch of makeup...
        Narr:	And a phone.
        Me: 	I'm sorry, but I'll have to confiscate your phone.
        Naomi:	We can't have phones?! Seriously?!
        Violet:	How did you not read the guidelines?
        Naomi:	Shut up, fatty.
        Me: 	I'm sorry, but rules are rules.
        Naomi:	Come oooon, I'll die of boredom without it.
        Naomi:	How am I supposed to keep in touch with the outside world?
        Naomi:	Isn't socializing an important step in our rehabilitation process?
        Me: 	The whole point is not having contact with the outside world...
        Me: 	And I don't think they consider texting as socializing.
        Naomi:	Fucking boomers...
        Narr:	Naomi stands still for a second, trying to think of a way to keep her phone.
        Naomi:	Say, Dennis... 
        Narr:	Closing the distance, Naomi leans in and starts whispering.
        Naomi:	What would it take for you to give me back my phone, hmm?
        Naomi:	Just name it...
        Me: 	Hmm... (A favor might come in handy, sooner or later...)
        Naomi:	Maybe I could even reward you later... I'll just need your phone number.
            tut: Unsure what do to?
            tut: Pressing 'W' on your keyboard will open an ingame walkthrough and selecting Suggested pages will help you make a decision!
            tut: Walkthrough explains how to access all the lewd scenes and where to find all collectibles.
            Naomi:	Maybe I could even reward you later... I'll just need your phone number.
                Narr:	You gently push Naomi away and take a step back.
                Me: 	Very flattering, but I told you, I'm seeing someone.
                Me: 	Plus, as my boss, Eve can make my life way worse than you can make it better.
                Narr:	Suddenly, Naomi's expression changes to despair.
                Narr:	Looking like she's about to have a breakdown...
                Me: 	Okay, I'll let you come to terms with reality.
                Narr:	As you move away from Naomi's bed, you notice a smirk on Violet's lips.
                Me: 	(A secret reward? My only weakness...)
                Narr:	Since your backs are turned towards Violet, her vision of what you two are doing is blocked.
                Me: 	I'm sorry, but rules are rules.
                Narr:	So you let Naomi unlock the phone...
                Narr:	Because rules are made to be broken.
                Narr:	And, after typing in your number...
                Narr:	You inconspicuously give it back to her.
                Narr:	Still acting like you took her phone away.
                Me: 	I'm sorry, Naomi, I told you. Rules are rules and I plan on following them.
                Naomi:	This place sucks, you suck and I'll die of boredom.
                Me: 	You'll get used to it.
                Narr:	Once you turn around, you see Violet smiling, almost sadistically.
                Me: 	(Doesn't seem like she caught on. Good.)
        Narr:	Finally done with both girls, you go outside...
        Eve:	So? Have you found anything?
            Me: 	They check out.
            Eve:	Not even a phone?
            Me: 	What can I say... They came prepared.
            Me: 	(Seriously? Of ALL the things she could ask about, she asks about a phone?)
            Me: 	(What level of intuition does Eve have?)
            Eve:	Curious...
            Me: 	Just Naomi's phone.
            Eve:	And Violet?
            Me: 	She checks out.
            Eve:	Okay, check the other cabin and come back to me.
            Me: 	Yeah, yeah... (I feel like a errand boy.)
            Me: 	Done.
            Eve:	You're sure you checked everything?
            Me: 	Yes, ma'am. (God, she's watching me like a hawk.)
            Me: 	Belle and Stacy, come with me.
            Narr:	Trying to ignore her attitude, you turn towards the two remaining girls...
            Me: 	Belle and Stacy, let's go.
            Me: 	Your cabin's next.
        Narr:	The girls follow you towards their cabin.
        Me: 	(Let's see, guess I'll check Belle first...)
        Me: 	Belle, can I check your stuff?
        Belle:	You can do anything you want, Dennis. Anything...
        Me: 	Great, thanks... (Looks like hitting on people is her "modus operandi".)
        Narr:	You approach Belle's belongings...
        Narr:	And begin looking for anything suspicious.
        Narr:	She mostly had skimpy clothing and erotic underwear, an abundance of makeup and...
        Me: 	(Is that...)
        Me: 	(A dildo!?)
        Belle:	Ooops, looks like you found my silicone friend...
        Belle:	How embarrassing? *Chuckle*
        Me: 	(I'd say you're enjoying yourself...)
            tut: Unsure what do to?
            tut: Pressing 'W' on your keyboard will open an ingame walkthrough and selecting Suggested pages will help you make a decision!
            tut: Walkthrough explains how to access all the lewd scenes and where to find all collectibles.
            Me: 	(I'd say you're enjoying yourself...)
                Me: 	Well, it's not like your "friend" is a weapon...
                Me: 	(Although, I've heard of a few cases where it ended up being used as one... Lethal, at that...)
                Me: 	Plus, it's not on the contraband list...
                Me: 	(If I take it, she'll probably get frustrated.)
                Me: 	So, I guess you can keep it.
                Belle:	Oh, Dennis! You're wonderful!
                Belle:	I love how understanding you are...
                Narr:	Sliding closer to you...
                Narr:	Belle puts her hand on your chest.
                Narr:	You gently grab Belle's wrist and move it aside.
                Me: 	Well... That's exactly why I let you keep your "friend".
                Belle:	Oh, of course, right...
                Stacy:	...
                Me: 	Your "friend" can't stay here.
                Belle:	Huh?
                Me: 	I can't let you keep it.
                Narr:	Belle's playful behavior suddenly evaporates.
                Narr:	Confiscating her dildo proved to be too much for her to handle.
                Belle:	No way! I'm not letting you take it away from me!
                Belle:	Don't you know what an amazing collection I have!? And I managed to only bring ONE!
                Me: 	I can't help you, it's for your own good. ("Collection"? Not sure if I wanna know.)
                Stacy:	Boop.
                Belle:	That's bullshit! How else will I get off?
                Belle:	It's not like we're drowning in dicks here!
                Me: 	I'm sure you'll figure something out.
                Me: 	Maybe the lack of stimulation will do you some good.
                Belle:	Oh, I'm sure that won't make me go crazy...
                Belle:	Just fucking take it, see what happens!
                Stacy:	I can teach you some breathing exercises, you'll get to orgasm with your soul.
                Belle:	*Sarcastic* Wow, sounds like just the thing I needed.
                Me: 	Sounds like the perfect substitute.
                Narr:	Hearing your comment, Belle's eyes pierce through you with a hateful gaze.
                Me: 	*Gulp* (I wouldn't be surprised if I wake up without my dick one of these days...)
                Stacy:	You'll see, it will help.
                Belle:	*Sigh* Whatever... You'll teach me later, okay?
                Stacy:	Naturally.
        Me: 	Alright then. Stacy, you're up.
        Stacy:	Do what you must.
        Narr:	As you go through Stacy's stuff, you find several lighters, matches, batteries...
        Narr:	Wires, something that looks like kindling and several books on "The Puncturing Flame"...
        Narr:	A basic amount of clothing and minimal amount of makeup.
        Me: 	(Is this really her stuff?)
        Me: 	(Guess I wouldn't take away someone's Bible, shouldn't take away her books either...)
        Me: 	(Even though religious cult texts seem a bit dangerous...)
        Me: 	(The lighters on the other hand, big no-no.)
        Stacy:	And? Do I check out?
            Stacy:	And? Do I check out?
                Me: 	These books seem... interesting...
                Me: 	(I'm not sure if I want to take away her lighters, she's quite the... fanatic.)
                Me: 	(Might come back to bite me in the ass if I get on her bad side...)
                Stacy:	But they aren't illegal, are they?
                Me: 	No, I guess they aren't. (Even though it is nonsense.)
                Stacy:	Excellent, I knew my Tulpa wouldn't let me down.
                Me: 	Your what?
                Stacy:	My Tulpa. She foresaw this, told me I have nothing to fear.
                Stacy:	Or is it a he? It's hard to tell sometimes.
                Me: 	Uh-Huuuh... Okay, just make sure to take good care of the REST of your stuff.
                Narr:	Stacy gives you an honest smile, looking quite pleased.
                Stacy:	Will do, Dennis. The Heavenly-Phoenix is eternally grateful.
                Me: 	Can we just call him H.P. for short?
                Stacy:	Yeah, I doubt the Heaven-I mean, that H.P. would mind. It has many names, anyway.
                Me: 	Umm, not really.
                Me: 	You have a lot of ways of lighting a fire...
                Me: 	I'm afraid I'll have to confiscate all of them.
                Narr:	Stacy's face suddenly wrinkles. She is obviously shocked by what she just heard.
                Stacy:	NO! You can't do this to us!
                Stacy:	How will I commune with the spirits if I can't light a fire! They wait for me!
                Me: 	Can't you commune with them in some other way?
                Stacy:	HOW!? WITH CHICKEN BLOOD AND PENTAGRAMS!?! MAYBE SACRIFICING SOME VIRGINS!?!
                Stacy:	Like I'd find any in this hellhole!
                Me: 	Whatever floats your boat. Or soul, in your case, I guess.
                Stacy:	FUCK YOU, YOU'RE NOT HERE TO HELP! YOU'RE EVIL AND WICKED!
                    Belle:	Stacy, come on. It's just for a little while.
                    Belle:	(I feel her pain... First he takes my friend and now her lighters? Asshole!)
                    Belle:	We'll figure a way how to talk to the spirits, okay?
                    Belle:	(I can at least try comfort her since she tried helping me earlier too.)
                    Belle:	Stacy, come on. It's just for a little while.
                    Belle:	(I feel a little bad for her. He wasn't so strict with my "friend"...)
                    Belle:	We'll figure a way how to talk to the spirits, okay?
                Narr:	Stacy is losing it, but Belle's words seem to calm her at least a little.
                Narr:	She takes a deep breath and turns towards you...
                Stacy:	If the spirits stop talking to me after this, I'll offer YOU as an apology.
                Me: 	*Gulp* (I don't think she's fucking around.)
                Belle:	Why don't you tell me about these spirits while Dennis does what he has to, huh? What do you say?
                    Narr:	Belle looks at you and glares. Obviously still angry about the dildo...
                    Me: 	(I'm so gonna pay for taking her dildo later...)
                    Narr:	Belle looks at you and winks. Lucky for you, she has your back...
                    Me: 	(Wow, thanks for the save, Belle. Guess you're not as oblivious as you look.)
                Narr:	Stacy looks drained, even smaller than before.
                Narr:	Her fiery temper diminishing.
                Narr:	She quietly complains to Belle, while you confiscate her items...
        Me: 	Great, well... I have more work to do so I'll be off.
        Narr:	Opening the door for the girls like a true gentleman...
        Narr:	The three of you head outside.
        Eve:	So, have you found anything?
            Me: 	Nope, both are clean.
            Eve:	Strange, patients usually have something.
            Me: 	Well, these two don't.
            Eve:	Are you sure you checked them properly?
            Me: 	*sigh* Yeah, I'm sure.
            Narr:	Without saying a word, you hand her the dildo.
            Eve:	...
            Eve:	What is this?
            Me: 	I believe the kids these days call it a "dildo". (She's holding it with so much... familiarity.)
            Eve:	I know WHAT it is. What I'm asking is WHY am I holding it in my hand?
            Me: 	You said dangerous items, I thought...
            Eve:	She'll pleasure someone to death?
            Me: 	Thought it might be good for her to part with that.
            Me: 	Yeah, I don't know what I thought, sorry.
            Eve:	*sigh* Anyway, what's done is done.
            Me: 	Should I give it back?
            Eve:	Under no circumstances. (He's actually making me feel embarrassed.)
            Eve:	Never let the patients believe you’ve made a misjudgment.
            Me: 	Stacy's "fire-starter" kit.
            Eve:	Excellent, fire is the most dangerous tool a patient can have here.
            Eve:	I'll sleep more soundly knowing she won't be starting fires with ease.
            Me: 	Here's a bag full of "fireworks"...
            Me: 	Aaaand here's a dildo.
            Narr:	Eve just stares at the items you handed her.
            Narr:	It looks like you managed to break her composure for a moment...
            Narr:	Although, just for a moment.
            Eve:	I believe I can guess what's in the bag... 
            Eve:	But this...
            Me: 	It goes hand in hand.
            Eve:	Oh, I see... (How?!)
            Eve:	*Clears throat* Good that you confiscated this.
            Eve:	Go check the other cabin and come back after you're done.
            Me: 	Yeah, yeah... (I feel like an errand boy.)
Eve:	Good work, Dennis.
Me: 	Uhhhh... (Did she really compliment me?)
Narr:	With everything done, all the patients and staff gather around Eve...
Eve:	Everyone, thank you for your cooperation.
Eve:	It's never pleasant to have someone invade your privacy like this, especially to take something away from you.
Eve:	But I promise, the end results will be worth it.
Eve:	Since you all just arrived, have the rest of the day off.
Eve:	Tomorrow we’ll continue the journey of your recovery.
Narr:	The girls show signs of mixed feelings...
Narr:	Ranging from apathy and rage...
Narr:	To gladness and even delirium.
Narr:	You aren't quite sure what to think, or how to feel.
Narr:	Before Eve leaves, you approach her with a question in mind...
Me: 	Hey, if the patients are free, does this mean we're free too?
Eve:	There's nothing to do right now. So, sure...
Eve:	Waste the day away.
Me: 	Lovely...
Narr:	Wanting to check the time, you take out your phone and turn it on.
Narr:	Once everything boots up, your phone goes haywire...
Narr:	Constantly buzzing and ringing.
Me: 	What the hell? (There's dozens of unanswered messages and calls.)
Me: 	(It's Jane, but why...)
Me: 	(A "Warning"... Oh, another one...)
Narr:	The first message is a video of Jane... Fingering herself.
Me: 	(Jane, you kinky slut, you're only making it worse...)
Me: 	(I wanna fuck you so BAD!)
Me: 	(Let's see what else she wrote...)
Narr:	The next twenty or so messages are related to your lack of answers.
Me: 	("Why aren't you writing anything?" "Don't you like me?")
Me: 	("I did all of this for you")
Me: 	("Bastard"? "Asshole"?)
Me: 	(Wow... "MAN-PIG")
Me: 	("Please answer...", "I love you...")
Me: 	(How much of this is there?)
Me: 	(What happened!? Since when was Jane like this?)
Me: 	(I haven't answered for half a day, and this is the result?)
Me: 	(Talk about needy...)
Me: 	*Sigh* (I better fix this.)
Narr:	You call Jane.
Jane:	What do you want?
Me: 	You.
Jane:	Well, you can't have me. You don't deserve me.
Me: 	(Yeah, she's definitely pouting.)
Me: 	Jane, babe, I don't get it... Why are you so upset I didn't answer?
Me: 	You know I'm working, I'm busy...
Jane:	You couldn't at least say "hello"?!
Jane:	That's called "not giving a shit" or, if you'd like me to put it more eloquently, "you don't appreciate me at all".
Me: 	Come on, you know that's not true. Please, babe, hear me out.
Jane:	*Grumble* You better have a good explanation for this.
Me: 	I do, really.
Me: 	The moment you sent me your very sexy videos is the moment Eve busted into my room.
Jane:	You serious?
Me: 	Dead serious. I had to hide my boner in front of her, do you know how embarrassing that was?
Me: 	And then the damn patients arrived and I didn't get a moment of peace.
Jane:	Sounds like a well thought out lie...
Me: 	Jane...
Jane:	I'm guessing she left your room at some point, or did she help you out with your erection?
Me: 	Jane, what the fuck!?
Jane:	So she did leave. Why not answer me once she left? You couldn't at least say, "Sorry, love 2 fuck u, g2g"?
Me: 	*Chuckle* I mean I should have, but I got distracted... With the embarrassing hard-on and all.
Jane:	Yeah, it probably was pretty embarrassing. I don't know how you guys live with that thing.
Me: 	So does this mean... we're good?
Jane:	Yeah, we're good. Still, I expect you to give me attention whenever possible from now on.
Jane:	I missed you and I'm still missing you.
Me: 	I know, miss you too.
Me: 	I'll make sure to call you often, okay?
Jane:	Okay.
Me: 	Maybe call for some phone sex?
Jane:	*Giggle* That would be nice.
Jane:	"I'm going down on you slowly..."
Me: 	*Chuckle* I can't right now, but sure, I'll give you a call for that, sometime.
Jane:	So, what's going on there?
Jane:	You said something about being busy... Patients making problems?
Me: 	Yeah, you could say so.
Jane:	How many? What are they like?
Me: 	There's four of them. They're all around our age.
Jane:	So, same old story?
    Jane:	So, same old story?
        Me: 	Ohhh, ummm... (I should probably skip the patients' gender part.)
        Me: 	(She's still revved up and inquisitive. It's better not to fuck with her when she gets like this.)
        Me: 	Y-Yeah, just like every year.
        Jane:	So you get to make new friends then?
        Me: 	I doubt we have much in common.
        Me: 	They all have something wrong with them.
        Jane:	You think I'm joking, but I'm not.
        Jane:	They're human too. The only difference between you and them is that they know they have a problem.
        Me: 	Are you saying I need treatment?
        Jane:	Maaaaybe...
        Jane:	Anyway, the point is that they're normal people, like you and me.
        Jane:	Their circumstances are abnormal, that's what brought them there.
        Me: 	Well, when you put it that way...
        Jane:	You shouldn't be quick to judge... It's not a very good look on you.
        Me: 	You're right, I'm sorry.
        Jane:	*Sigh* Well, at least you get it now.
        Me: 	So, have any plans for today?
        Jane:	Not really. I was... a bit distracted.
        Jane:	I couldn't really think about anything else.
        Me: 	My bad.
        Jane:	It's okay. I overreacted. I'm sorry too.
        Jane:	Miss you.
        Jane:	I just can't stay mad at you. *Giggle*
        Jane:	Alright, Dennis, I'll leave you to it.
        Me: 	Okay, babe. Talk to you later.
        Jane:	Don't let the crazies rub off on you too much.
        Me: 	I'll try. (Talk about hypocrisy... First she tells me off and then calls them "crazies"...)
        Me: 	Actually, there seems to have been a situation...
        Jane:	And?
        Me: 	And, this year all the patients are female, for some reason.
        Jane:	WHAT!?
        Me: 	I was surprised too, but you don't have to make a fuss about it.
        Jane:	MAKE A FUSS!?!
        Me: 	Or burst my eardrum.
        Jane:	Asshole! At least now I know why you "couldn't" answer...
        Jane:	I bet they're all very sexy and broken, easy pickings for you.
        Me: 	Jane, are you hearing yourself?
        Me: 	I came here to work, UNWILLINGLY, might I add...
        Me: 	Not to cheat on you, for fucks sake!
        Jane:	Yeah, but ever since you saw them, your plans changed.
        Jane:	You didn't even think to call me!
        Me: 	Jane, please stop being so paranoid...
        Me: 	I'll hang up and turn the phone off for the rest of my stay here, I swear to God.
        Me: 	...
        Me: 	Jane?
        Jane:	*Sobs quietly* I'm sorry...
        Me: 	It's fine, Jane... Please don't cry.
        Jane:	I-I-I just miss you a lot. I'm sorry I'm so jealous. It hurts that you're not with me.
        Jane:	I can't stand it anymore...
        Me: 	We'll see each other very soon, Jane. We can survive this. Okay?
        Jane:	*Sniffle* Okay.
        Me: 	You know you're my everything, right?
        Jane:	I know, I shouldn't have doubted you...
        Jane:	Umm, Dennis?
        Me: 	Yeah?
        Jane:	Miss you.
        Me: 	I miss you too, babe.
        Me: 	Get some rest, I have to go now.
        Me: 	Talk to you later.
        Jane:	Alright... Bye, handsome. *Smooch*
Narr:	You end the call.
Me: 	*Deep exhale* (That could've been worse.)
Me: 	*Chuckle* (Guess I'm just lucky... Or great with words.)
Me: 	(Still though, Jane's been on-edge ever since she came back from that mental institution.)
Me: 	(It might've taken a larger toll on her than I thought...)
    Narr:	Suddenly, a realization hits you...
    Me: 	FUUUUUCK... (I completely forgot to ask Eve if it's okay that she comes to camp!)
    Me: 	(Why the FUCK did I lie to her about the patients not being guys anymore!?)
    Me: 	*Sigh* (Okay, calm down... I'll figure something out...)
    Me: 	(I'll just come clean when she's in a better mood or something, I don't know...)
Me: 	Anyway... (What should I do with the rest of my day?)
    Me: 	(I wonder if anyone's inside. I should knock.)
    Narr:	Gently, you knock on the door.
    Narr:	Almost instantly, you hear a soft yet irritated voice.
    noname:	Come in.
    Narr:	As you open the door and enter the cabin...
    Narr:	From the corner of the room, Naomi pops up with a displeased expression on her face.
    Naomi:	Oh, Dennis, it's you again. (Great, spares me the trouble of looking for him.)
    Naomi:	I knew you couldn't resist for long before you came looking for me.
    Me: 	I'm actually checking up on everyone, making sure everyone's comfy... Or needs anything.
    Naomi:	I'm hardly "comfy" and quite needy.
    Naomi:	But that can change very quickly, now that you're here.
    Me: 	Naomi, you know I'm with someone. Not to mention, I work here, remember?
    Naomi:	So what? I had a boyfriend too and it didn't work out in the end.
    Naomi:	(He got so whiny after I slept with another guy. Ugh, unbearable...)
    Me: 	Well it's still working out for me.
    Me: 	(And I'd rather get be involved as little as possible with all of you nut-jobs...)
    Naomi:	Hmpf! What a prude! (Doesn't matter, sooner or later, I'll break you and it will be that much sweeter once I do.)
    Me: 	On a more important note... What have you been up to? Did you get acclimated yet?
    Naomi:	I'll never get acclimated to being at a place like this. Especially not when it's this filthy.
    Narr:	Naomi brushes her finger on a nearby shelf, gesticulating that it's dusty.
    Me: 	Looks clean to me. (What kind of luxurious conditions are you used to, woman?)
    Naomi:	I don't expect you to know what true cleanliness is, but guess I also shouldn't expect better conditions either. Tsk...
    Me: 	I understand... (Though, we cleaned the cabins yesterday. It doesn't get much better than this...)
    Naomi:	I wouldn't mind watching you clean the cabin again...
    Naomi:	I'd get hot and bothered, really fast, if you did that.
    Me: 	I'm not sure if I'm flattered or unsettled... Probably a little bit of both.
    Naomi:	A little of both is better than nothing...
    Naomi:	Can you turn around, I want to change into something more comfortable. (I have an idea...)
    Me: 	I can leave, if you want...
    Naomi:	No, you can stay. Just no peeking, understood?
    Me: 	Yeah, yeah...
    Narr:	You turn around, giving Naomi some privacy.
    Me: 	(This is making me feel awkward... Maybe I should start a conversation or something?)
        Me: 	(This is making me feel awkward... Maybe I should start a conversation or something?)
            Me: 	Soooo, what happened with that ex of yours?
            Naomi:	You really wanna hear that boring old story?
            Me: 	It's not like we have anything better to do...
            Naomi:	Oh, I have a few ideas in mind what we could do. *Giggle*
            Me: 	I'm sure you do, but I'd rather just hear the story about your ex.
            Naomi:	*Sigh* Fine, I'll tell you.
            Naomi:	Also, you can turn around now.
            Naomi:	(Your resistance just makes this all more fun, Dennis.)
            Naomi:	His name was Noel, beautiful name, I know.
            Naomi:	He was such a nice guy. You could really feel his affection...
            Naomi:	Something rarely any person's able to give or show...
            Me: 	Sounds like a swell guy. And? What happened?
            Naomi:	Imagine having a birthday, a few weeks before your second anniversary...
            Naomi:	The party was marvelous. Felt like I was on top of the world.
            Naomi:	We were all quite inebriated and Noel told me to meet him in my bedroom.
            Naomi:	I got a bit distracted along the way and came in almost half an hour later.
            Me: 	Damn. I think I know where this is going...
            Naomi:	Good, it'll be easier to process.
            Naomi:	Anyway, I entered the room feeling horny and ecstatic. Couldn't wait to let him fuck me silly...
            Me: 	(She doesn't have a problem sharing personal stuff, obviously.)
            Naomi:	But he was already getting it on... With my best friend.
            Naomi:	In my house, on MY BED! ON MY FUCKING BIRTHDAY!
            Me: 	Jesus, I'm sorry...
            Naomi:	*Sigh* Don't be.
            Naomi:	Noel was a cheating piece of shit. I'm glad it happened when it did.
            Naomi:	Imagine if I got married to that asshole. Even worse, have his kids... Ugh...
            Me: 	When was this?
            Naomi:	Oh, who knows. A year ago? Maybe more?
            Me: 	So, it's still somewhat fresh? The wound, I mean.
            Naomi:	Hahaha, don't be so melodramatic. Just another ruined relationship, like countless others.
            Naomi:	You can't get hung up on trivialities. I'd expect you to know things like that.
            Naomi:	Seeing how you're working in a rehabilitation camp...
            Me: 	I get it, but it sounds like it left a bitter taste in your mouth.
            Naomi:	You think very little of me, not sure how much I appreciate it.
            Naomi:	(Oh, Dennis, if only you knew...)
            Me: 	Sorry, that came out wrong.
            Me: 	I'm glad you're able to cope.
            Naomi:	T-Thanks, Dennis. ("You'll make my heart flutter" might be a little too much.)
            Narr:	There's a moment between the two of you...
            Narr:	A spark, or so you at least think.
            Naomi:	Okay, that's enough for today, if you don't mind.
            Me: 	Uhhh, sure, I think I overstayed my welcome anyway.
            Naomi:	Visit me some other time, okay?
            Me: 	Yeah, sure.
            Naomi:	Now, get out. I actually WANT to clean this place.
            Naomi:	*Quietly* Since you’re not going to...
            Me: 	*Chuckle* I'll leave you to it.
            Me: 	So, Naomi, what did you do to end up here?
            Naomi:	Oh, it's quite shocking, really.
            Naomi:	I'm not sure if your little, pure mind can handle such information.
            Me: 	I've been working with patients for years now, try me.
            Naomi:	Okay, but you asked for it...
            Naomi:	I ruined a guy's life with, well... My vagina.
            Naomi:	My pussy was so good it took his life, in the end...
            Me: 	YOU DID WHAT!?
            Narr:	Naomi's confession shocks you so much that you automatically turn to face her...
            Naomi:	*Gasp*
            Narr:	Who was still not done dressing...
            Naomi:	I told you not to look, pervert!
            Naomi:	(Although, now that you've seen my tits, it might be easier to reel you in.)
            Me: 	Shit, sorry... You're right, I didn't expect something... Like this... (Holy fuck!)
            Naomi:	Well, as long as you're sorry...
            Me: 	Sooo, ummm, do those kinds of things happen to you often, or was it a one time thing?
            Naomi:	There were... Similar situations, but I went a bit overboard with this one. (Excellent, he totally fell for it.)
            Naomi:	(So sweet and gullible, I just want to ruin you.)
            Me: 	So, you're saying I should watch my back around you?
            Narr:	A nervous feeling washes over you, as you hear Naomi's footsteps getting closer.
            Naomi:	How can you watch your back if it's turned towards me?
            Naomi:	(Come on, turn around... I know you want to...)
            Narr:	You try to keep your instincts in check as the air begins to thicken...
                Narr:	You try to keep your instincts in check as the air begins to thicken...
                    Narr:	After hearing Naomi's story, with your back turned, you feel vulnerable.
                    Narr:	Every cell in your body is screaming to turn around and protect yourself.
                    Narr:	Yet, you try your hardest not to let your instincts guide you.
                    Narr:	Even while feeling Naomi's breath on your neck.
                    Me: 	(She's making me so nervous. I feel like I'm about to get murdered.)
                    Naomi:	Hmm... Pity. (Seems like you have more control than you're letting on.)
                    Me: 	"Pity"? (Wait, she wanted me to turn around?)
                    Naomi:	It's nothing, don't worry.
                    Narr:	You could feel her presence moving away.
                    Narr:	And after a few seconds, Naomi speaks up...
                    Naomi:	Alright, you can turn around now.
                    Narr:	Nervously, you turn back around to face her.
                    Naomi:	What happened to you? You look like you've seen a ghost. (Too much to handle, hmm?)
                    Me: 	Oh, uhhh, nothing. Just...
                    Naomi:	I'm listening...
                    Me: 	I should go.
                    Naomi:	You sure? Don't you wanna stick around?
                    Naomi:	*Chuckle* I could make it worthwhile.
                    Me: 	No, thanks. Think I've had enough for one day.
                    Me: 	I'll see you tomorrow.
                    Naomi:	Sure, visit anytime you like. *Giggle*
                    Narr:	After your talk, you leave the cabin.
                    Narr:	After hearing Naomi's story, with your back turned, you feel vulnerable.
                    Narr:	The built up pressure is too much for you to handle and you turn around again.
                    Narr:	With a kinky smile on her face, Naomi is waiting... Still topless.
                    Narr:	She doesn't say a word.
                    Narr:	Just grabs your crotch with one hand.
                    Narr:	And instantly closes the gap between your lips.
                    Me: 	Hmhhh... (What the fuck?!)
                    Narr:	For some reason, you were expecting a cold and sharp object to pierce your back...
                    Narr:	Yet you are greeted with soft and wet lips, longing for your touch.
                    Narr:	For a moment, you're completely frozen in time and space.
                    Narr:	Unable to move or react.
                    Narr:	But once the moment passes...
                    Me: 	Nh-Mmm! (What is she doing!?)
                    Narr:	You immediately push Naomi away...
                    Me: 	No, Naomi.
                    Narr:	And leave without saying another word.
                    Naomi:	Mmmm... (Struggle, Dennis... Struggle for me.)
                    Naomi:	*Chuckle* Adorable.
    Me: 	*Sigh* (Okay, that was nerve-wracking.)
    Me: 	(She definitely has more layers than I first thought.)
    Me: 	(Jane was right, I am quick to judge.)
    Me: 	(Maybe I should work on my flaws too. I mean, everyone else here is doing the same.)
    Narr:	You make your way towards the cabin.
    Narr:	Just as you get to the door, you spot something interesting...
    Me: 	(What the hell is she doing?)
    Narr:	You walk up to Belle while making sure she doesn't hear you.
    Me: 	What are you doing?
    Belle:	*Whispers* Ooof, Dennis! Didn't see you there.
    Belle:	Came to frisk me, hmm?
    Belle:	I'm the only one that didn't get a pat-down. So unfair...
    Belle:	I mean, isn't that dangerous?
    Belle:	Won't you make sure I'm not carrying anything dangerous, Dennis?
    Me: 	Remember The Guidelines? There's your answer.
    Belle:	You're no fun.
    Me: 	You'll get used to it.
    Belle:	Or I'll get to use you...
    Me: 	(This one's missing more than a few screws...)
    Belle:	Maybe even get used by you?
    Me: 	How about neither?
    Belle:	Tell me something... Are you always this bland?
    Me: 	No, just around suspicious people who spy on others in the middle of the day.
    Belle:	*Chuckle* At least you have a good sense of humor.
    Me: 	What are you doing spying on Naomi, anyway? (And how was that humorous?)
    Me: 	I haven't seen you show much interest towards anyone else.
    Me: 	What's so special about her?
    Belle:	Seriously? What's special?
    Belle:	In case you haven't noticed, Naomi's a babe and I can't have that.
    Me: 	No one's allowed to be pretty around you?
    Belle:	Pretty is fine, Violet and Stacy are pretty.
    Belle:	Naomi's hot, and that's a problem.
    Me: 	So, you have to be "the hottest" one around, otherwise you feel a lack of worth?
    Belle:	See?! You get it!
    Belle:	Oh, you're so smart and easy to talk to, it makes my lady parts tingle.
    Me: 	So what, gonna chuck acid in her face?
    Belle:	Not gonna lie. It crossed my mind. *Giggle*
    Me: 	...
    Belle:	I'm joking, I'm joking! I'm just "inadequate", not a monster. *Chuckle*
    Me: 	Riiiight...
    Belle:	Hey, can I ask you something?
    Me: 	I'm not sure... Already getting nervous. 
    Belle:	*Chuckle* It's a simple question, really...
    Me: 	Go ahead.
    Belle:	Who do you think's hotter?
    Belle:	Me or Naomi?
        Belle:	Me or Naomi?
            Me: 	Uhhhhh, why don't we talk somewhere else?
            Me: 	We're suspiciously close to her cabin, as it is.
            Belle:	Alright, lead the way.
            Narr:	After putting some distance between you and the cabin...
            Narr:	Belle looks at you, expecting an answer.
            Me: 	Neither.
            Belle:	That's not an answer...
            Me: 	What I mean by that is... Jane.
            Belle:	Jane? This girl of yours?
            Me: 	Mhmmm...
            Belle:	Hmm, got a pic?
            Me: 	Yes, but I'm not about to show you.
            Belle:	You're playing nice, how cute.
            Belle:	Don't want to insult your girl, right?
            Belle:	Probably some mediocre butter-face, I bet.
            Me: 	Take that back...
            Belle:	I can't take away her butter-face, it's glued to her.
            Me: 	She's a hundred times hotter than you.
            Belle:	Then prove it! Show me her pic!
            Me: 	Pff, nice try.
            Belle:	If you keep her a secret, I'll assume you're either lying about her looks or about her existence.
            Belle:	So what's it gonna be, hot-shot?
            Me: 	*Sigh* Fine. (There is no way she'll shut up unless I show her...)
            Narr:	You whip out your phone and find a suitable picture of Jane.
            Me: 	Here, take a good look, ye' of little faith.
            Belle:	Huh, seems like you weren't lying after all.
            Belle:	But she's fully clothed here, that's so boring, let me see more.
            Me: 	I think you saw enough.
            Narr:	Out of nowhere, Belle grabs your phone and starts swiping through the pictures.
            Belle:	Found it!
            Me: 	Hey, what the fuck?! Give it back!
            Belle:	And what's this, a few videos...
            Belle:	Oh, wow! She really is hot! *Chuckle*
            Narr:	Without resistance, she hands you back your phone.
            Belle:	Hard to compete with that, although...
            Belle:	I think I could overCUM the GAP with a bit of effort. *Giggle*
            Me: 	You're an asshole, you know that?
            Belle:	Yes, I have an asshole, wanna see it?
            Me: 	Ughhhh... Whatever, don't pull any stunts like that again, you hear me?
            Belle:	Yes, master.
            Me: 	You really are nuts.
            Belle:	And you "really" have a thick broomstick up your ass.
            Belle:	But hey, we're both in a rehabilitation camp for a reason.
            Me: 	I work here...
            Belle:	Great excuse! Wish I had one as good as yours.
            Me: 	Whatever, I'm done.
            Narr:	Irritated, you leave Belle to her own devices.
            Me: 	Uhhhhh, why don't we talk somewhere else?
            Me: 	We're suspiciously close to her cabin, as it is.
            Belle:	Alright, lead the way.
            Narr:	After putting some distance between you and the cabin...
            Narr:	Belle looks at you, expecting an answer.
            Me: 	I'll have to agree with you, Naomi is pretty hot.
            Belle:	More than I am?
            Me: 	You're a close second.
            Belle:	*Scoff* Whatever! Why am I even asking for your opinion?
            Me: 	Because you lack self-esteem?
            Me: 	And your oversexualized behavior is proof of it?
            Belle:	*Sarcastic* Wow, you so smart. I never thought about it before.
            Belle:	Thanks, "Freud".
            Me: 	You can be as sarcastic as you like, but the truth is...
            Me: 	It's difficult to find obsessive people attractive, let alone hot.
            Belle:	Oh, please, like anyone cares about character.
            Belle:	People just want to see you behave slutty and cute.
            Me: 	Personal experience? (She actually might be normal underneath that façade.)
            Belle:	You could say so. It's part of my job.
            Me: 	Wait, what? (She's a prostitute!?)
            Belle:	Duuh, haven't you heard of me or seen me online?
            Belle:	Pretty difficult to stay completely ignorant.
            Me: 	Nope, sorry, no idea. That means you're famous?
            Belle:	Just one of the most popular girls on a certain "social" site, along with a few other sites...
            Me: 	You're shitting me? (So much for "normal"...)
            Belle:	Nu-Uh! I'm THE "Belle Mermaid".
            Me: 	That's one ridiculous name.
            Belle:	Curious?
            Me: 	Hmm, a bit... (If only for the weirdness of it.)
            Narr:	Belle moves closer towards you.
            Belle:	I'd love to show you a few videos...
            Belle:	But I have no internet access.
            Belle:	Maybe you could make something happen?
            Belle:	I'd be very, VERY grateful.
            Me: 	Uhhh, I'll think about it. (Hmm, I could check her out later, in private.)
            Belle:	Just do it and come back to me. *Wink*
            Me: 	You gonna continue spying on Naomi?
            Belle:	No, I guess not...
            Belle:	You're right. Creepy people aren't hot.
            Me: 	Glad to hear it. (She actually listened?)
            Me: 	Okay, Belle, I'll leave you to it. (Huh, maybe I'm not that bad at this...)
            Me: 	Got other stuff to do. (Guess I picked up a thing or two along the way.)
            Belle:	Like searching for my channel in your room?
            Belle:	Maybe give yourself a good tug? *Giggle*
            Me: 	Uh-Huh, of course. (Probably gonna skip the "good tug" part...)
            Belle:	Well, whatever it is you're NOT doing, just don't forget my little offer...
            Me: 	I said I'll think about it.
            Belle:	Fair enough. (He'll check it out, I'm sure of it.)
            Belle:	See ya' later.
            Me: 	Yeah, yeah, later.
            Me: 	That's not something I should speak openly about...
            Belle:	Come ooon, don't be ashamed.
            Me: 	Weeell...
            Me: 	Alright, fuck it...
            Me: 	You're hotter, Belle. (Probably better just to rub her ego a bit.)
            Narr:	Belle joyously starts celebrating her little win.
            Belle:	Haha, I knew it! She's hot, but I'm hotter!
            Belle:	I mean, just look at this.
            Me: 	I know, I saw...
            Belle:	What about this?
            Me: 	Yeah, yeah, I get it...
            Belle:	And you obviously liked it...
            Belle:	Would you like to see more, hmm?
            Me: 	As I told you before, I'm seeing someone. (Though a part of me would like to at least see a little...)
            Belle:	Such a gentleman, look at you.
            Belle:	How about this...
            Belle:	Why don't you search up "Belle Mermaid" online and see what you find?
            Me: 	Oh, God. Now I'm suspicious and just a little curious.
            Belle:	*Giggle* You should be. It's worth checking it out, in my humble opinion.
            Me: 	Hmm, I'm not making any promises.
            Belle:	Oh, just one piece of advice when you do...
            Belle:	Lock the doors, tee-hee.
            Me: 	I think I know where this is going...
            Belle:	All the more incentive to check it out.
            Narr:	Suddenly, Naomi appears on the window and opens it.
            Naomi:	What the hell are you two weirdos doing in front of my cabin?
            Me: 	Oh, nothing, just talking about this and that.
            Naomi:	Well, can you talk somewhere else? You're basically invading my privacy.
            Me: 	Right, sorry, we'll move someplace else.
            Naomi:	You better. Peeping is not an attractive look, just so you know.
            Narr:	With as much apparent sarcasm as she could muster, Belle answers...
            Belle:	How else would we know the secret to your beauty?
            Me: 	(Nice save, Belle!)
            Naomi:	Very funny, now fuck off.
            Narr:	Naomi slams the window shut... 
            Me: 	*Sigh* Guess that's that. No more spying for you.
            Belle:	*Chuckle* Don't worry, I'll be back.
            Me: 	Just don't do anything stupid, please?
            Belle:	But that's all I do. *Giggle*
            Me: 	Belle...
            Belle:	Okay, okay, I'll try. Don't sweat it.
            Me: 	(Hard not to...)
            Belle:	Well, I'll leave you alone for now.
            Me: 	Where are you going?
            Belle:	All this spying and flirting has made me horny.
            Belle:	I'd like to... Deal with it.
            Belle:	Wanna help out?
            Me: 	I'll pass.
            Belle:	I'd love to say your loss, but it's OUR loss, honestly...
            Belle:	Anyway, see ya' later, handsome.
            Me: 	Later. (Jesus, what a nympho...)
            Me: 	(The worst part is, it's actually starting to affect me.)
            Me: 	(I just have to think of something else...)
            Me: 	(Something else... Something else...)
            Me: 	(Like fingering Belle or...)
            Me: 	(Licking her tits...)
            Me: 	(Or... Great, she hijacked my brain...)
            Me: 	(Well, fuck.)
    Narr:	With Belle still on your mind, you continue strolling around...
    Narr:	Trying to purge your thoughts clean of her image.
    Narr:	On the lake's dock, you see Violet doing some exercises.
    Narr:	Deciding to check on her, you move closer...
    Me: 	Hey, Violet.
    Me: 	Can't stand still, huh? *Chuckle*
    Violet:	Oh?! Hi!
    Violet:	Sorry for not noticing you right away. I was kinda in the zone...
    Violet:	Sorry.
    Me: 	It's okay, there's absolutely no reason to apologize.
    Violet:	Sor-I mean, okay.
    Me: 	Anyway, I think you told me something about not being a pro athlete anymore...
    Me: 	How come you're still training this much then?
    Violet:	Ummm... I-I'm not sure...
    Violet:	I always felt that stagnation wasn't much different than regression.
    Violet:	I'm also hoping to compete again if I "heal".
    Me: 	You mean, once you heal.
    Violet:	*Chuckle* Umm, yeah... "Once" I heal.
    Me: 	Have you considered easing up a little and taking a short break from daily exercises?
    Violet:	To be honest, no...
    Violet:	It does hurt a little from time to time, but as my dad would always say...
    Violet:	*Manly voice* Pain is part of the job, Violet.
    Narr:	The sudden change in her voice causes you to burst out laughing.
    Me: 	I'm loving the voice. *Chuckle*
    Narr:	Realizing how ridiculous she sounded, a blush appears on her cheeks.
    Violet:	I-I-I-I... It just came out, sorry. (Seriously, Violet?! Do you always have to embarrass yourself!?)
    Me: 	Again, you need to stop apologizing all the time. It's completely fine.
    Violet:	Force of habit, I guess...
    Me: 	Who knows, maybe learning how to slow down and just chill might do you good.
    Violet:	"Just chill", huh? This is probably the first time someone told me that.
    Violet:	What else would I even do? Play video games and eat pudding all day?
    Me: 	Oddly specific, but yeah. That's exactly the type of "chilling" I'm talking about.
    Violet:	Tried it... I just get anxious and feel like I'm wasting time.
    Violet:	It doesn't take me long to get right back to at least doing some yoga or something...
    Violet:	to distract myself from the anxiety... *Nervous chuckle*
    Me: 	Hmm, I agree that you should do what makes you happy.
    Me: 	Still, I also think people should give themselves a chance to try new things...
    Me: 	Give yourself a chance to try and enjoy different things, you know?
    Violet:	If you really believe that... (Oh, God... Am I really gonna ask?)
    Violet:	W-Would you try yoga with me? Like you said, "give yourself a chance to try and enjoy different things"...
    Me: 	*Chuckle* Touche. (She really turned that around on me.)
        Me: 	*Chuckle* Touche. (She really turned that around on me.)
            Me: 	Yeeeeah, I don't think so. My body definitely can't bend like that, sorry.
            Violet:	Oh? Okay...
            Narr:	It's obvious that your refusal brings her down a little as she gets back to her exercises...
            Me: 	Maybe some other time? (I feel bad.)
            Violet:	Sure! (Did I have to sound so excited? Damn it...)
            Me: 	Great, I'll make sure to get "bendy-er" by then. *Chuckle*
            Violet:	I'll be waiting. *Giggle* ("I'll be waiting"?! Way to sound like a weirdo...)
            Me: 	Sooo, wanna tell me more about your sports career?
            Violet:	*Sigh* There's not much to say...
            Violet:	My dad was a triathlete like me, and a fairly famous one at that.
            Violet:	He even made it to the Olympics, actually.
            Me: 	Wow, that's really cool.
            Violet:	Yeah. I think watching him compete is what made me fall in love with it in the first place.
            Violet:	But, as cliche as it sounds, his leg got messed up and that was pretty much it.
            Violet:	So I guess, as a way of "trying again", he's always been the driving force behind me.
            Me: 	Isn't that a cliche too? (She seems a lot less shy and insecure now... Guess it just shows how much she loves the sport.)
            Violet:	No, no. While it's true that he always pushed me to do better, he was more than a loving dad.
            Me: 	Oh, that's actually a surprise. I'm glad for you.
            Violet:	Thanks. It's probably thanks to him that I got where I am now.
            Me: 	I'm sure that's not true. I bet you worked your ass off too. (I almost looked down at it when I said that...)
            Me: 	(It is an amazing ass, though...)
            Violet:	Hmm, I guess you're right.
            Violet:	Anyway, as I got older, I got better and better. Even more than my dad expected.
            Violet:	So we started with more training, more improvements...
            Me: 	But also more expectation? (Just look at those glutes...)
            Violet:	Yeah, but I didn't mind the expectations. I was really good at what I did.
            Violet:	Started competing regularly and that's that.
            Me: 	So why stop? What happened?
            Violet:	I-Uhhh, won a competition. Gold medal and all...
            Violet:	But then I...
            Violet:	Something started happening...
            Violet:	And, thanks to that, I can't compete anymore.
            Me: 	Shit, that serious? What is it? (Sounds like it's an illness or something.)
            Violet:	...
            Violet:	Again, I-I'd rather not say...
            Me: 	Of course, I don't wanna pressure you. Just thought talking about it might help.
            Narr:	Violet stays silent while doing her stretch.
            Narr:	Once done, she gets up...
            Narr:	And get closer. Looking directly into your eyes...
            Violet:	Thanks, but maybe some other time. (I'd rather if you didn't find out.)
            Violet:	Sadly, I doubt it's something I can "talk" away...
            Violet:	Can we just change the subject, for now? (I said too much already...)
            Me: 	You're right. Sorry for prying that much.
            Narr:	Violet shakes her head.
            Violet:	No, it's swe... Umm...
            Narr:	Taking a deep breath, Violet finishes her sentence...
            Violet:	It's sweet, actually. (He seems really worried.)
            Violet:	But I still won't tell you anything.
            Me: 	Understood, miss. *Chuckle*
            Narr:	Getting back to her exercising...
            Violet:	Now if you don't mind, I'd like to finish my routine before it gets dark.
            Me: 	No problem, I'll leave you to it.
            Violet:	Later, Dennis.
            Me: 	Later. (Shit, now I'm super curious about her condition. What could it be?)
            Me: 	Sure, I'll do it. Just go easy on me, okay?
            Violet:	*Chuckle* No problem. We'll start light.
            Narr:	Feeling confident to at least be good at the basic stuff, you approach her.
            Violet:	Okay, let's start with this...
            Violet:	Raise your hands like this and take a deep breath...
            Violet:	Great. Now lift them up even further...
            Violet:	And hold. Try enjoying the sunlight a little while you're holding.
            Me: 	Understood. (Wow, her shyness is almost completely gone.)
            Violet:	Inhale...
            Me: 	(She's quite different when she gets serious.)
            Violet:	Aaaand exhale...
            Me: 	Wow. Feels great, actually.
            Violet:	Right? I'm glad you like it.
            Violet:	Wanna do some exercises now?
            Me: 	Sure, I'm down. (Just hope I won't embarrass myself.)
            Violet:	How about this one for starters?
            Violet:	You lower your upper body...
            Violet:	Press down with your hands...
            Me: 	*Stare*
            Violet:	And puuuullll yourself in.
            Violet:	Can you do it?
            Me: 	Wha... Y-Yeah, sure.
            Narr:	You get in position.
            Me: 	So, lower the body...
            Me: 	Hands out...
            Violet:	That's right.
            Me: 	Aaaand...
            Me: 	Any good?
            Violet:	Could use some more work, but you got it on the first try, well done.
            Me: 	That was easy, got anything harder?
            Violet:	Oh? Alright...
            Violet:	This one might be more of a challenge.
            Violet:	First, you go into a long lunge...
            Violet:	You stabilize your core and raise your arms...
            Me: 	Let me try.
            Me: 	Like this?
            Violet:	Yeah, excellent!
            Violet:	Just fix your abs a bit. (Wow, his abs aren't that bad.)
            Violet:	And your arm like this...
            Me: 	Oompf, this ain't easy.
            Violet:	Told you, but you're looking good. (Calm down, Violet. And stop thinking about his abs!)
            Violet:	(His surprisingly firm abs...)
            Me: 	Is this it?
            Violet:	Oh, right, umm, now you do this...
            Violet:	Keep the pose, but grab the back of your head, like this...
            Violet:	And streeeeetch.
            Violet:	Easy as that.
            Me: 	So... Arm on head and...
            Me: 	Fuck, it's difficult.
            Violet:	Just breathe, I'll help you.
            Violet:	Fix your leg a bit and your other arm.
            Me: 	I... I can't.
            Violet:	You can do this, come on!
            Me: 	*Pant* *Grunt* (I can see a bit of her dad's "pushing" peeks out from time to time...)
            Me: 	WOAH!
            Narr:	You lose your balance...
            Narr:	And fall on Violet.
            Narr:	For a moment, neither moves a muscle.
            Narr:	You're both too embarrassed to react and a few seconds pass before you finally say something...
            Me: 	I-I'm so sorry.
            Me: 	That's definitely not the right pose... (Can't believe I fell on her, so stupid!)
            Violet:	I think this one's called "missionary". *Chuckle*
            Me: 	Heh, right, good one... (Wow, she's incomparably more confident than a few minutes ago.)
            Me: 	Gotta admit, yoga's even harder than I thought.
            Violet:	You should train with me more often. I think you'll come to enjoy it a lot.
            Me: 	Yeah, why not? Maybe I'll learn not to fall on you next time. *Chuckle*
            Violet:	Oh, I don't mind if you fall on me.
            Me: 	...
            Narr:	That silence from you is enough for Violet to realize what she just said.
            Violet:	(Oh no, I completely lost myself... What am I even saying!?)
            Violet:	(Wait... Did I just say MISSIONARY?! What the fuck am I thinking!?)
            Me: 	...
            Violet:	I MEAN, I train with a lot of people so...
            Violet:	I should just stop talking...
            Me: 	*Chuckle* It's okay.
            Violet:	Sor--
            Me: 	No more "sorry", remember?
            Violet:	Right, well then...
            Me: 	...
            Me: 	*Cough* I'll let you finish up here.
            Me: 	See you tomorrow.
            Violet:	Yeah, sure. (I was hoping he'd stay a bit longer.)
            Violet:	(Ugh! Damn it, Violet! Do you have to mess up every conversation with him...)
    Narr:	After finishing up with Violet, you started looking for something else to occupy yourself with.
    Me: 	(I could look around some more. Maybe I bump into someone...)
    Me: 	(Wait, is that Stacy?)
    Narr:	After a better look, you see Stacy sitting on logs in front of a pile of ash.
    Narr:	Once you move in closer, you take a seat next to her.
    Narr:	She's aware of you, but doesn't flinch.
    Me: 	(Perhaps she wants me to say something first...)
    Me: 	Hey, Stacy, what's up?
    Stacy:	Mourning the ashes of a burnt out fire.
    Me: 	(Wow, did not expect that...)
    Me: 	We can reignite it, if you want. (Even though it's like a hundred degrees outside.)
        Stacy:	We could if you hadn't stolen my sacred tools...
        Me: 	You mean, those fire hazards?
        Stacy:	"One man's wine barrel lid is another man's shield".
        Me: 	Wha... Nevermind.
        Me: 	Look, we can't let you keep these things. It's literally illegal.
        Me: 	Either you'll burn the whole camp down or we'll get a massive fine for letting you keep 'em.
        Me: 	Either way, everyone here would be fucked, including you.
        Me: 	*Sigh* You might not have noticed, but there's flint, like, everywhere around here.
        Me: 	Look...
        Me: 	Find two nice pieces and just...
        Stacy:	Oh, wow!
        Me: 	Just please, keep it between the two of us. (I got a feeling this might come back to bite me in the ass...)
        Stacy:	Your secret technique is safe with me.
        Me: 	And for the love of the Heavenly-Phoenix-Lotus, please don't burn the camp down.
        Stacy:	*Chuckle* Okay, I promise. (Maybe he's not so bad, after all...)
        Me: 	Anyway...
        Stacy:	I'd like that, but this fire's life has long been extinguished. There's no coming back for it.
        Stacy:	Before you came here, I had a moment of silence, to reflect upon its life.
        Me: 	I don't get it. It burned out days ago, you haven't even "met" it.
        Me: 	(Maybe playing along a little might prove productive...)
        Stacy:	I don't expect you to get it. Fire is warmth, light, energy... It's all life.
        Stacy:	But these ashes... Just cold, dead minerals. The things that get left behind when life ends.
        Stacy:	It's sad.
        Me: 	When you put it that way, yeah, it is sad.
        Me: 	(Damn, warn me before dropping philosophical bombs like that next time, please.)
        Me: 	...
        Me: 	(This is not really going anywhere, I should change topics.)
    Me: 	So, I've been wondering...
        Me: 	So, I've been wondering...
            Me: 	What do you think of your new roomie?
            Stacy:	I had to leave, otherwise she'd have kicked me out.
            Me: 	She's not allowed to do that, just so you know.
            Me: 	Next time, give me a call and I'll handle it.
            Stacy:	You misunderstand, I left willingly.
            Stacy:	She needed some privacy.
            Me: 	Oh? I guess coming here is a bit of a shock for her as well.
            Stacy:	No, she needed space so she could masturbate.
            Me: 	WHAT!?!
            Stacy:	I even heard her after I left, screaming your name and moaning.
            Me: 	MY NAME!?!
            Stacy:	Not sure why since screaming H.P.'s name always brings much more joy during masturbation.
            Stacy:	Even said something about trying your dick, sooner or later. Something like that...
            Me: 	...
            Stacy:	Her words, not mine.
            Me: 	Okaaaay, not sure what to do with this information, but thank you.
            Stacy:	Do whatever you like, that's how the Puncturing Flame does it.
            Stacy:	Of course, if it's within boundaries of what the Flame allows.
            Me: 	A bit radical, but I can see myself doing whatever I like.
            Me: 	Maybe your... religion isn't so weird after all...
            Stacy:	Oh, we are weird. Still, that's the requirement for a fulfilled life.
            Me: 	Stacy, I have to say, you're not as crazy as you appear.
            Stacy:	Thanks, your words make me lose faith in humanity.
            Me: 	Uhh, sorry. "Crazy" wasn't the word I was looking for.
            Me: 	What I'm trying to say is that you seem normal and fine.
            Me: 	You're not a blind fanatic.
            Narr:	A smile slips through Stacy's apathetic expression.
            Stacy:	What a lovely compliment, thank you.
            Stacy:	I could teach you more about our beliefs... Who knows? You might find meaning in it.
            Me: 	I'd actually like to know more, but maybe some other time.
            Me: 	I have other stuff to attend to.
            Stacy:	"Do what thou wilt".
            Me: 	Sounds like I heard that one before. Is it really a "Puncturing Flame" original?
            Stacy:	You think we ripped it off?
            Me: 	I don't know, I'm just saying it sounds familiar.
            Stacy:	Hmm... (Could it really be ripped off? No, of course not.)
            Narr:	Almost jolted back into reality, Stacy gets up.
            Stacy:	I need to check something.
            Me: 	Did I hit a nerve?
            Narr:	Stacy's mind already left, her body is just following suit.
            Me: 	Okaaay... I'll see you around, then.
            Me: 	(What a weirdo. Although, she's a lot more down to earth than one might think.)
            Me: 	(If all that cult stuff wasn't hanging around her neck, she'd be a completely normal girl.)
            Me: 	Sooo, a cult, huh?
            Stacy:	No, it's a religion. "The Order of the Puncturing Flame".
            Me: 	Oh, right. Sorry.
            Me: 	And... You're a leader?
            Stacy:	No, just an "ascended".
            Me: 	What does that mean?
            Stacy:	Let's just say I'm in the lower echelons.
            Me: 	So, already a big influence, I bet.
            Stacy:	Not really. Most of the influence comes from the "Sizzling Seven".
            Me: 	W-Who are they? ("Sizzling Seven"? I can barely keep a straight face, hahaha!)
            Stacy:	I know the name is a little awkward, but it's translated from Enochian.
            Me: 	Haha, yeah... It does sound a little strange.
            Stacy:	*Sigh* Not a very modern language.
            Stacy:	Anyway, The Seven are the greatest of us all.
            Stacy:	It takes decades of dedication to become one of The Seven.
            Stacy:	And even then, you might get rejected.
            Me: 	'Cause you don't know the scriptures by heart?
            Stacy:	*Chuckle* Oh, Dennis... Your mind hasn't been opened to the cosmos yet.
            Stacy:	The scriptures are among the first things you need to learn in order to even JOIN.
            Stacy:	That's why I always keep a book on me, just to make sure I don't forget anything.
            Me: 	Very... demanding.
            Me: 	So what's the requirement to advance?
            Stacy:	Mostly finding and bringing new members.
            Me: 	Why am I not surprised... (Not a pyramid scheme, at all...)
            Stacy:	Yes, it's very common practice in other religions as well...
            Stacy:	However, the problem is the quality of followers, though...
            Me: 	Is that the "gene pool" thing you mentioned?
            Stacy:	Exactly! Thank you for listening.
            Stacy:	I knew it since the moment I saw you... You're special.
            Me: 	A "good gene pool", I assume?
            Stacy:	Not just your physical attributes. You seem lucid, Dennis...
            Stacy:	An art that's slowly turning to ash.
            Me: 	Then why are you part of this cu-Religion! This religion...
            Me: 	You're obviously very lucid and intelligent yourself.
            Me: 	Why waste your time and talents on some "high priest's" doctrine?
            Me: 	Don't you have things you want to do? Like, your own wishes and wants?
            Stacy:	Being part of this religion IS what I want.
            Stacy:	Those people get me and we help each other.
            Stacy:	You can't do everything on your own, you know?
            Me: 	How did you end up here, then?
            Stacy:	I got too close to "normal" society and was forced to come here.
            Me: 	Cops got you?
            Stacy:	...
            Stacy:	I tolerate "normal" society, as much as it tolerates me.
            Stacy:	But I'm okay with my group of "crazy" people, as the "unlit" call us.
            Me: 	That's not what I meant...
            Stacy:	I'd rather be a slave to a perfectly sound religion than a slave to society.
            Narr:	Getting up, Stacy looks at you. Looking quite serious at that...
            Stacy:	Tell me, Dennis...
            Stacy:	Are you the one in control of your life or is someone else deciding it for you?
            Narr:	Without waiting for an answer, Stacy leaves.
            Me: 	Okay, that was harsh. (I know I'm my own man.)
            Jane:	In the last twenty four hours, you weren't able to send at least a hello?!
            Me: 	Son of a bitch...
            Narr:	Your fresh revelation shakes you a little.
            Narr:	Trying to clear your head, you get up and leave as well...
    Me: 	(Guess I misread Stacy completely.)
    Me: 	(She has a lot more going on in that zealous head of hers than I thought.)
    Me: 	*Sigh* (I need to walk this off...)
Narr:	Finished with checking up on all the girls, you're soon back in front of their cabins...
Me: 	(Guess those were all the patients.)
Me: 	(Maybe I should check what the rest of our "staff" is doing...)
    Narr:	As you enter the kitchen, you find Emily munching on a sandwich.
    Me: 	Bon appetit.
    Emily:	T'anks.
    Me: 	Looks good.
    Emily:	'Z gud.
    Me: 	Can I have one?
    Emily:	Wha'sh i'it 'or me?
    Me: 	English?
    Emily:	*Gulp*
    Emily:	What's in it for me?
    Me: 	You need something in return for a simple sandwich?
    Emily:	Umm... Yup!
    Me: 	Oh, the humanity...
    Emily:	So, what's your offer?
        Emily:	So, what's your offer?
            Me: 	I'll tell you a little bit about Jane?
            Narr:	The moment you mention her, Emily's eyes light up with curiosity.
            Me: 	Nailed it...
            Me: 	But you better be making that sandwich while I talk.
            Emily:	Deal!
            Me: 	*Sigh* What do you wanna know?
            Emily:	Where did you guys meet? College?
            Me: 	Yeah, same class, actually.
            Emily:	How cute. And, what does she look like?
            Me: 	Well, she's tall, with dark long hair, a lovely pair of legs...
            Emily:	Don't you have a photo or something?
            Me: 	Huh, you're right.
            Narr:	You whip out your phone and show her a photo of Jane.
            Emily:	She looks hot. Boring picture though...
            Emily:	It doesn't tell me anything about her.
            Me: 	She's smart and funny. Plus, her character...
            Emily:	What about her tits? I bet she has nice ones. And I always took you for a "boobs guy".
            Me: 	Uhhh... You really wanna know her size instead of her character?
            Me: 	(What's she doing?! Stop touching your tits!)
            Emily:	Of course. That's, like, the most important thing.
            Me: 	It really shouldn't be... (Good, she let go. I thought for a second I'll get another boner...)
            Me: 	I mean, yeah, her tits are nice too, but they're not melons like you're saying.
            Emily:	So her tits are lacking?
            Me: 	NO! I just don't have a need to drown myself in abnormally huge tits!
            Me: 	(Although, I wouldn't exactly hate it...)
            Me: 	They're quite perfect.
            Emily:	Larger than mine?
            Me: 	Ummm...
            Emily:	Don't make it awkward. You can take a look, I don't mind.
            Me: 	...
            Me: 	I guess you're about the same size.
            Emily:	*Giggle* Cool, cool... (He said hers are perfect so... He thinks mine are perfect too!)
            Me: 	Do you really need to compare yourself with her? What sense does that make?
            Emily:	I don't know. Just curious, I guess.
            Me: 	Riiiight... (And obviously jealous, for some reason.)
            Emily:	Here's your sandwich. Hope you like it.
            Me: 	Thanks.
            Me: 	So? Was that enough information for a sandwich?
            Emily:	Yeah, I get the gist of it.
            Me: 	I'm sure you do...
            Me: 	Well, thanks for the sandwich.
            Emily:	No problem.
            Me: 	What about eternal gratitude?
            Emily:	Whaz'zat?
            Me: 	Wow, that's harsh.
            Emily:	*Gulp* Why don't you run a lap naked around the camp?
            Me: 	*Chuckle* Yeah, right.
            Emily:	...
            Me: 	Wait, you're serious?
            Emily:	Yeah, why not?
            Me: 	You want everyone to see me naked?
            Emily:	'Eah, w'y 'ot?
            Me: 	Hold on, hold on...
            Me: 	What exactly are you getting out of this?
            Emily:	Eternal gratitude?
            Me: 	Emily...
            Emily:	Whaaat?! It's not like I asked you to have sex with someone.
            Me: 	If you did, it might be less off-putting than this.
            Emily:	Oh, would you like me to?
            Narr:	A sly smile cracks on Emily's face.
            Me: 	Hahaha, sure, which one of the patients did you have in mind?
            Emily:	... (Who said anything about patients?)
            Narr:	You can see her getting queasy.
            Me: 	So? Who's your pick?
            Emily:	Let's not talk about that.
            Emily:	I was just teasing you, anyway.
            Me: 	It sure didn't feel like it.
            Emily:	Just drop it... Okay?
            Me: 	Okay, okay...
            Me: 	Anyway... Thanks.
    Me: 	(I feel like I should change the subject... But what?)
        Me: 	(I feel like I should change the subject... But what?)
            Me: 	Where were you, anyway? I haven't seen you since the patients arrived.
            Emily:	Oh, you know... Talking to the girls. Running errands. Nothing special.
            Me: 	It's hard to disappear from camp completely. Where did you go?
            Emily:	I told you, I was around. You just didn't notice me.
                Emily:	Anyway, go ahead and finish your sandwich in peace.
                Me: 	Guess I'll see you tomorrow.
                Emily:	See you tomorrow.
                Emily:	Night, Dennis.
                Me: 	Night, Emily.
                Me: 	Oh, right. I did see you talking to Violet...
                Me: 	What was that about?
                Emily:	Nothing, just girl stuff.
                Me: 	Come on, tell me.
                Emily:	Nu-Uh.
                Me: 	Why are you so secretive about it? 
                Emily:	Maybe it's not for your ears, thought about that?
                Me: 	But I'm REALLY curious...
                Emily:	Fine. How about this...
                Emily:	I tell you what we talked about and you owe me a favor, later on?
                Me: 	Ooof, I'm scared. What kind of favor?
                Emily:	Nothing comes to mind right now, but I'll think about it.
                Me: 	I'm not sure...
                Emily:	Do you wanna know what we talked about or not?
                Me: 	Yeah, yeah, okay. "I O U"...
                Me: 	Now tell me.
                Emily:	*Giggle* You ready?
                Me: 	Yes, please. Free me from the suspense.
                Emily:	She asked for your name.
                Me: 	What?! Violet did?
                Me: 	(So that's how she knows. I was sure I didn't mention my name.)
                Emily:	Mhmmm... She seemed very interested in you.
                Emily:	She came to me all glowy-eyed and shy. She was so cute.
                Emily:	"Excuse me, I'm Violet. I'm kind of embarrassed to ask--"
                Me: 	Okay, okay, I get it.
                Emily:	*Laugh* Was it worth it?
                Me: 	Depends on what you'll ask for later.
                Emily:	Oh, I'LL ask. Trust me.
                Me: 	I'm getting nervous just by thinking about it.
                Emily:	*Giggle* Maybe you should be.
                Emily:	But you're safe for now. Go ahead and finish your sandwich in peace.
                Me: 	Amazing, thanks.
                Me: 	Guess I'll see you tomorrow.
                Narr:	As she's leaving the kitchen, she caresses your shoulder...
                Narr:	Somewhat sensually...
                Emily:	Night, Dennis.
            Me: 	So... Got a boyfriend?
            Narr:	Emily almost chokes hearing your question...
            Emily:	*Cough* *Cough*
            Narr:	And immediately blushes.
            Emily:	Why do you care?
            Me: 	I don't know, curiosity?
            Emily:	You'll have to do better than that.
            Me: 	Curiosity mostly, but you're not a kid anymore. I'm sure there's at least someone you like.
            Emily:	Hmmm, suspicious...
            Me: 	Oh, come on, Emily. I just want to make sure you're safe and happy.
            Emily:	Really, little ol' me?
            Emily:	Awww, that's the sweetest thing I heard in months.
            Emily:	And, no. Unfortunately I'm single...
            Emily:	Hard to believe, right?
            Me: 	Somewhat...
            Emily:	*Chuckle*
            Me: 	So, no one special? No one "makes your heart race" or something?
            Emily:	Hmm... When you put it like that, there is someone, but they're not aware of my affection.
            Me: 	Poor guy.
            Emily:	Who said anything about a guy?
            Me: 	Seriously?
            Emily:	*Chuckle* Oh, who knows?
            Me: 	Is it one of the patients?
            Emily:	Oh, no. I won't tell you and you can't make me.
            Narr:	Emily mocks you as she prances out of the kitchen.
            Me: 	(Seems Kiara was right, she acts like a brat.)
    Narr:	With Emily gone, you finish your sandwich in peace.
    Narr:	Finally full, you leave the kitchen as well.
    Narr:	As you approach Kiara's room...
    Me: 	(I haven't seen her since morning, wonder if she's in her room.)
    Me: 	(One way to find out, I guess...)
    Narr:	You knock on her door.
    Me: 	Kiara? It's Dennis.
    Kiara:	Come in, it's open.
    Kiara:	Hey, what's up?
    Me: 	Nothing much. Just wanted to check up on you.
    Me: 	You vanished after the girls arrived.
    Kiara:	"Girls"? You mean, patients?
    Me: 	What's the difference?
    Kiara:	Oh, wooow. Look at you, all friendly with everyone.
    Kiara:	So professional.
    Kiara:	Even if the guidelines clearly state to remain professional.
    Kiara:	Tell me, have you read them?
    Me: 	You know I have. (Why is everyone busting my balls about the guidelines?)
    Me: 	Just because they're female doesn't mean I'm automatically trying to bang every last one of them.
    Kiara:	Then why did you spend the whole afternoon hanging out with each and every one of them?
    Kiara:	Sounds very counter-intuitive to me.
    Me: 	Beca-Wait... Have you been spying on me?
    Kiara:	Hah! Don't be absurd. The camp's not that big.
    Kiara:	One glance out the window and I see you "doing yoga" with one of them.
    Kiara:	A few minutes later and you're hanging out with the next one.
    Kiara:	Care to explain your oddly "friendly" behavior?
        Me: 	I-Uhh, they looked like they needed company.
        Me: 	And it's not like I have anything better to do.
        Kiara:	So you decide hitting on patients is the best course of action?
        Me: 	I wasn't hitting on them! Kiara, I'm seeing Jane, I'd never go behind her back like that.
        Kiara:	Save it for the media, "Kennedy".
        Kiara:	Four gorgeous chicks show up and you follow them around like a little doggie, wagging his tail.
        Narr:	Not expecting the situation to escalate this quickly, you think of what to say next...
        Me: 	Well, Ms. Perfect, if you have to know...
        Me: 	(What did Jane say? Something like...)
        Me: 	Those "patients" are HUMANS too.
        Me: 	Damaged ones, but humans nonetheless.
        Me: 	And if you had put in any effort getting to know them, you'd realize that it's not their fault...
        Me: 	But because of the circumstances they found themselves in.
        Me: 	(Thanks, Jane, that's some adult shit right there.)
        Narr:	Your "grown-up" act catches Kiara off guard.
        Narr:	She obviously wasn't expecting such a mature response.
        Narr:	With her still completely silent, you use the time to think about what to say next.
        Me: 	Why are you being such a colossal bitch?
        Kiara:	Excuse me?!
        Me: 	What's wrong with you? You started trash-talking out of nowhere.
        Kiara:	Because you're hitting on our patients, you moron!
        Me: 	You're wrong, but even if I was hitting on them, why does it matter to you?
        Kiara:	I work here, so I expect everything to stay functional and not to get a lawsuit for misconduct.
        Me: 	Bullshit! I saw how much effort you put in after the girls arrived.
        Me: 	You basically hid under a rock for the rest of the day.
        Me: 	I doubt Eve would let you off the hook with that type of behavior.
        Kiara:	I was always a hard worker! More than you, that's for sure...
        Me: 	Exactly. Yet, now you're acting like you don't give a rat's ass what's going to happen.
        Me: 	So what's up? Why are you so angry?
        Narr:	Kiara just stands there, furious, but lacking a response.
        Kiara:	None of your business!
        Me: 	Hit a nerve?
        Kiara:	Get out!
        Me: 	Gladly.
    Narr:	Finally, you leave Kiara's room.
    Narr:	Pondering what to do next...
            Me: 	(What's that sound?)
            Me: 	(Are those... Moans?)
            Me: 	(Coming from... Eve!?)
            Narr:	You approach the door to her room...
    Narr:	As you turn the corner, you spot Eve, having a cigarette.
    Narr:	The moment she notices you...
    Narr:	She throws the cigarette on the ground, trying to hide what she's doing.
    Me: 	Hey, Eve.
    Eve:	Heeey, Dennis, what are you up to?
    Me: 	Eve, I'm not a child. You don't have to hide from me.
    Eve:	Aww, look who's all grown up.
    Me: 	*Chuckle* Oh, shut up.
    Narr:	Suddenly, Eve reaches into her pocket...
    Narr:	And takes out a pack of cigarettes.
    Eve:	Want one?
    Me: 	I don't know...
    Eve:	I won't tell if you won't.
    Narr:	Her sly smile makes it irresistible to refuse.
    Me: 	I'll have one, thanks.
    Narr:	Eve whips out a lighter...
    Narr:	And lights it for you.
    Narr:	Curiously watching you take a few puffs.
    Eve:	Seems like college introduced you to a lot more than just coffee. *Chuckle*
    Me: 	Gotta manage the stress somehow.
    Eve:	*Sigh* Yeah, that's what I keep telling myself.
    Me: 	You stressed?
    Eve:	No, not really, haha...
    Me: 	Eve, come on...
    Eve:	Okay, maybe a bit.
    Me: 	(Hmm, it's the perfect excuse to ask her...)
        Me: 	(Hmm, it's the perfect excuse to ask her...)
            Me: 	The reason you're stressed...
            Me: 	Is it by any chance connected to why there's only female patients this year?
            Narr:	Eve turns to you and gently smiles.
            Eve:	You a shrink or something?
            Me: 	*Chuckle* Maybe.
            Eve:	Yeah, I guess there's a bit of truth to it.
            Me: 	I knew it...
            Eve:	But it's not the only reason.
            Me: 	Something else?
            Eve:	*Chuckle* Alright, enough with the questions.
            Me: 	Okay, sorry.
            Me: 	So, why are there only females this year?
            Eve:	*Sigh* You don't let up, do you?
            Me: 	I'm curious and it seems like there's a good reason.
            Eve:	Yeah, there is. Although, that's a story for another day.
            Eve:	The first day is always rough. 
            Me: 	I guess you're right.
            Narr:	You stare off into the distance, quietly enjoying the cigarette with Eve.
            Me: 	It's because of me, isn't it?
            Eve:	What makes you say that?
            Me: 	I don't know, you've been giving off a bit of an odd vibe around me.
            Narr:	Eve looks into the distance, thinking about what you just said.
            Me: 	Sorry, maybe I'm imagining things.
            Narr:	Eve shakes her head.
            Eve:	You aren't wrong, but you aren't right either.
            Eve:	I feel really guilty for ruining your summer, but, at the same time, I'm glad you're here.
            Me: 	I know. It's a mixed feeling for me as well.
            Me: 	I'm really glad to see you, Kiara and Emily. It's been a while.
            Narr:	Eve gives you a gentle, warm, smile.
            Eve:	Come here, you smartass! 
            Me: 	Hey, come on! Quit it!
            Eve:	You'll always be the anxious freshman you were that first summer, in my eyes.
            Me: 	Great, so you'll never see me as a peer.
            Narr:	Suddenly, she stops.
            Eve:	Well, you're on the right track, Dennis.
            Eve:	Also, you're not as oblivious as you care to show.
            Eve:	But, these things take time, and training.
            Me: 	Wow, thanks...
            Eve:	Come ooon, it's a compliment. It means you'll get there in no time.
    Eve:	I should head back inside.
    Eve:	It's getting way too hot out here.
    Me: 	Sweat builds character. *Chuckle* Take care, Eve. See ya' tomorrow.
    Narr:	She plants a warm kiss on your cheek before leaving.
    Narr:	All you can do is smile.
    Narr:	Finishing up your smoke, you head inside too.
    Me: 	(What's that sound?)
    Me: 	(Are those... Moans?)
    Me: 	(Coming from... Eve!?)
    Narr:	You approach the door to her room...
    Narr:	And press your ear against the door.
    Me: 	(Holy shit, it is her!)
    Me: 	(Is she having sex?)
    Me: 	(Is someone else inside with her?)
    Me: 	(Fuck, I know it's messed up, but I need to know. I have to see what's going on.)
    Narr:	Not knowing what to expect, you take a peek through the keyhole...
    Narr:	What you see is a bit much to take in all at once.
    Me: 	(Eve, what are you...)
    Me: 	(Is she...)
    Me: 	(She's masturbating!)
    Me: 	(Wait...)
    Me: 	(THAT'S BELLE'S DILDO! ARE YOU KIDDING ME!?!)
    Narr:	Suddenly, you feel your pants getting tighter.
    Me: 	(Who uses their patient's dildo?! What the fuck?!)
    Narr:	The more you watch, the harder your cock becomes.
    Me: 	(Fuck, I have a hard-on again... I mean...)
    Eve:	Fuck *Pant* I'm such a dirty slut, ahhh...
    Me: 	(This is kinky as fuck... Eve is kinky as fuck! I never knew!)
    Me: 	(I can't believe she's really masturbating with someone else's toy...)
    Eve:	*Moan* Yeaaahhh, fuck me... Please fuck me....
    Me: 	...
    Me: 	(Seems like she's pretty cock-hungry.)
    Me: 	(She actually looks amazing...)
    Me: 	(I mean, just look at those tits and legs...)
    Me: 	(She's been taking good care of herself, that's for sure.)
    Me: 	(Fuck, I don't want to watch, but I can't stop, it's too hot.)
    Me: 	(Shit, what am I even thinking? What if someone walks in on me?! I'd be in a heap of trouble...)
    Narr:	Not to get caught, you stop spying on Eve and go towards your room...
    Narr:	Once in your room, you get a message on your phone.
    Me: 	(An unknown number? Who could it be?)
    Narr:	As you open the message, you instantly go wide-eyed.
    Me: 	I-It's... (IT'S NAOMI!)
    Me: 	(Holy shit! She really sent a nude!)
    Me: 	(Wow, she's more promiscuous than I thought. Just look at her, so lewd!)
    Me: 	(I know I get pics like these from Jane too, it's just... I don't know...)
    Me: 	*Sigh* (Okay, I'm not gonna think about this now or I'll give myself a headache with the ethics...)
    Narr:	Suddenly, you remember Belle mentioning that channel of hers.
    Me: 	I mean... (My laptop's right there, I could just... Do it "properly".)
    Narr:	Feeling horny after remembering all the things that happened today, you sit down in front of your laptop and turn it on.
    Narr:	As it turns on, you search for Belle's "channel"...
    Narr:	It takes you no more than a single entry search to find it.
    Me: 	You got to be kidding me. It's fucking real!
    Me: 	(And by the looks of it, extremely popular.)
    Me: 	(Oh my God, look at this! She's crazy, how can you post stuff like this online?!)
    Me: 	(But she's fucking hot, can't deny that. Still crazy, but hot... Crazy hot...)
    Me: 	("Gamer-girl bathwater"? What's that?)
    Me: 	...
    Me: 	(Oh, God...)
    Me: 	(From what she's charging, it seems like a damn good business choice, but still)
    Me: 	BLERGH!
    Me: 	(Thanks, Belle, but this is a bit too much for me.)
    Me: 	*Sigh* (I'm not sure if I'm horny or a little revolted.)
    Narr:	Finally, in the private comfort of your burrow, you take a deep breath and drop your guard...
    Narr:	Looking around the room, a light nostalgia washes over you.
    Narr:	Along with the "difficulties" of today's events.
    Me: 	*Sigh* God... Today was intense...
    Me: 	(First days always suck...)
    Me: 	(I mean, I guess it wasn't that bad, unlike the previous years. Just a bit... surprising.)
    Narr:	Approaching the window, you continue your contemplation...
    Me: 	(I wonder if the whole summer's gonna be like this...)
    Me: 	(Doing chores, hanging with these crazy and, pretty attractive patients?)
    Me: 	*Sigh* I wonder what Jane's doing...
    Me: 	(Maybe I should give her a call?)
    Me: 	(A bit more attention might do her some good.)
    Narr:	You take your phone out and call Jane.
    Narr:	It rings and rings, but no answer.
    Me: 	(It's taking her longer than usual...)
    Jane:	"Jane here, or in this case, I'm not. Leave a message if you need anything."
    Narr:	Before hearing the voicemail's tone to leave a message, you end the call.
    Me: 	Suspicious... (She usually picks up immediately. I wonder what she's doing...)
    Me: 	*Sigh* Nothing to do but sleep, I guess.
    Narr:	You lay on the bed and close your eyes, hoping to fall asleep soon.
    Narr:	But your brain had other plans as it constantly keeps flashing lewd images of the patients.
    Me: 	*Grumble* (Fuck off, brain. I don't want these thoughts on my mind before sleep!)
    Me: 	(Or any other time of day, for that matter...)
    Me: 	*Sigh* I can't sleep... (What do I do now?)
    Me: 	(I mean, it's still not that late. Maybe I'm just not tired enough)
    Me: 	(Guess I'll go for a short stroll to clear my head and then head back to bed.)
    Me: 	(I need to cool my head after all this. I'll just go for a walk.)
Narr:	Leaving the house...
Me: 	*Inhale* Ahhh, the night air feels nice.
Narr:	Without a destination in mind, you start walking around the camp.
    Narr:	You notice one's alight, while the other's pitch black.
    Me: 	(Naomi and Violet seem to be asleep already...)
    Me: 	(So Stacy and Belle must be awake?)
    Me: 	(Wonder what they're up to...)
    Narr:	Curious, you walk towards their cabin.
    Narr:	Still some ways away, you throw a glance through their window...
    Me: 	(Can't see anything from this angle. I'll move up a bit.)
    Narr:	You take a few more steps before seeing movement inside the cabin...
    Narr:	As you get closer, you witness Belle having fun with her "friend".
    Me: 	You gotta be kidding me...
    Me: 	(She's masturbating, already?! Wait, where's Stacy?)
    Me: 	(Is Stacy watching her?!)
    Narr:	You look around the cabin, but no Stacy in sight.
    Me: 	(Thank God, I really didn't want to be right this time. Still, where could she be this late?)
    Me: 	(I mean, after seeing this, a part of me doesn't even care.)
    Narr:	Not thinking about the morals of it right now, you continue spying on Belle.
    Me: 	Fuck... (I went outside to calm down, but now I'm even hornier than before!)
    Me: 	(I wish I could just stick my...)
    Me: 	(No, no... Enough! Remember Jane!)
    Me: 	(I mean, I'm just watching, it's not cheating, right?)
    Me: 	...
    Me: 	(Still, it's a slippery slope, Dennis, very slippery.)
    Narr:	You stay for a while longer, lustfully watching Belle's private activity.
    Me: 	(I wonder what would've happened if I had taken her "friend" away? She'd probably try to have sex with everyone in camp.)
    Me: 	(I mean, I get it. The girl obviously needs proper release...)
        Me: 	(It's understandable, especially after seeing her channel...)
        Me: 	(Yeah, this is pretty vanilla compared to that shit.)
    Narr:	Soon, her thrusts get harder and harder...
    Narr:	You can see her getting closer to climax.
    Narr:	Moments before her orgasm, Belle lifts her head and looks towards you.
    Narr:	Instantly, you try hiding before anything, hoping she doesn't see you.
    Me: 	Fuck... *Pant* (Too close for comfort. I hope she hasn't seen me.)
    Me: 	(It is very dark outside, after all.)
    Me: 	(Maybe I should double check...)
    Narr:	Once you did, you see her staring directly at you while stuffing her pussy with the dildo.
    Narr:	She knows someone's watching, but obviously doesn't give a shit...
    Narr:	If anything, it seems like that makes it even hotter for her.
    Me: 	Fuck, fuck, fuck... (She saw me!)
    Me: 	(I could have gotten in so much trouble, but I guess Belle hasn't recognized me in the dark...)
    Me: 	(Or maybe she just doesn't care?)
    Me: 	Oh, who knows... Who cares?
    Me: 	(I barely avoided this disaster, I should just get out of here.)
    Narr:	Sneaking away from Belle, you go behind the cabin...
Narr:	As you're walking behind the cabin, confusion still grips your mind...
Me: 	(What the hell is happening!?)
Me: 	(This is too much sexual stimuli to handle in such a small amount of time.)
Me: 	(I don't think I'll be able to fall asleep after all that...)
Me: 	(I'll just go for a walk. Might cool me down.)
Narr:	Outside, the air is cool and pleasant.
Me: 	Ahhh... (It smells fresh and clean.)
Narr:	At that moment, you smell something on the wind.
Me: 	*Sniff* Is that... Smoke? (Something's burning!)
Me: 	*Sniff* *Sniff* (Something else on the wind... Something, aromatic?)
Me: 	(Where's it coming from?)
Narr:	You lick your finger...
Narr:	And check the wind.
Me: 	Hmm... (Maybe over there? The smaller campfire place is over there...)
Narr:	You continue walking towards where the smoke appears the most dense.
Me: 	(It smells stronger, I bet I'm going in the right direction.)
Narr:	Out in the distance, you notice a burning campfire and someone beside it...
Me: 	(What the hell are they doing, making a fire so late?)
Me: 	(Could it be Stacy? Fuck...)
Narr:	Picking up the pace a bit, you move in closer...
Me: 	Hello? (Who else would it be...)
Stacy:	Ah, Dennis. The bones said you might show up.
Me: 	Bones, really? (Did she just sacrifice something?) 
Stacy:	Yeah, bones. I found a shoulder blade, so I threw it in the fire.
Me: 	It couldn't endure the torture so it confessed I was on the way?
Stacy:	*Chuckle* No, silly. You read the cracks.
Stacy:	And these cracks are saying "one reindeer"...
Stacy:	Then you showed up.
Me: 	So you came here to check your very near future?
Me: 	Isn't it a bit too late already?
Narr:	The corners of her lips stretch into a gentle smile.
Stacy:	There's also this...
Narr:	And she raises her other arm, with something in hand...
Me: 	What's that?
Stacy:	I believe the Jamaicans call it "Da 'Urrrb".
Me: 	You're shitting me!? You have weed!?
Me: 	(How the fuck did she sneak it in? I'm sure I checked all her stuff!)
Stacy:	Shhhhh! You'll scare the spirits.
Stacy:	This is a place of peace and tranquility...
Stacy:	No loud voices or angry words allowed.
Me: 	Oh, in that case...
Me: 	How the "fluff" do you have weed? We frisked you and checked your cabin.
Stacy:	The Puncturing Flame teaches secrecy. Perfect for circumstances like these.
Me: 	But how? Where?
Stacy:	Instead of wasting time asking questions that have no answer, wouldn't you rather join me?
Me: 	When you put it that way...
Narr:	Wanting to take your mind off things, you sit beside Stacy.
Narr:	Soon, she passes the blunt to you.
Stacy:	Your reward...
Me: 	*Inhale*
Me: 	My reward? *Exhale*
Stacy:	For staying with me and not ratting me out.
Me: 	*Inhale* I'd never rat on you.
Me: 	*Continues to inhale*
Me: 	You seem too nice... *Exhale*
Me: 	Or too scary... (Oh, God. This shit is strong.)
Stacy:	Smart decision. 
Stacy:	...
Stacy:	Can you not bogart that thing?
Me: 	What?
Stacy:	"Puff, puff, give"? Never heard of the rules?
Me: 	Oof, sorry. *Cough* Here you go...
Stacy:	It's okay. You looked like you needed it. *Inhale*
Stacy:	Something wrong? *Exhale*
Me: 	Kind of, but not really...
Stacy:	Why bother then?
Me: 	It's not that big of a deal, but it's not completely benign, either.
Stacy:	You have cancer?
Me: 	What?
Stacy:	"Needed a puff", "not completely benign"... So, cancer?
Me: 	Hahaha, oh, no... GOD, no!
Me: 	Just a crazy day, that's all...
Stacy:	You are in a rehabilitation center, crazy is the norm, right?
Me: 	Fair point...
Me: 	Funny, you're more normal high than when you're sober.
Me: 	Like, it brings you down to earth, unlike the rest of us that fly high.
Stacy:	I always fly high, you can't reach the gods otherwise.
Stacy:	But it does get tiring sometimes.
Me: 	Stacy, how come you're part of this cu-Religion? 
Stacy:	We share a lot of interests and they are the only ones that truly get me.
Stacy:	I'd probably be alone otherwise... Or dead...
Me: 	I just can't picture a cute girl like yourself reciting verses and lighting candles in some ritual.
Stacy:	"Thus, the essence was gifted. From it, HE rose, HIS wounds alight, HIS eyes scarlet, HIS will an inferno..."
Stacy:	How about now?
Me: 	I have goosebumps, that actually sounded epic.
Stacy:	*Giggle* Glad you like it.
Stacy:	...
Stacy:	[m!ct]?
Me: 	Yeah?
Stacy:	You think I'm cute?
Me: 	W-What? Where's this coming from?
Stacy:	You said you couldn't imagine a cute girl like myself performing a ritual.
Stacy:	Did you mean it? The... cute stuff?
Me: 	I-I-Uhh.... Yes. Yes, I think you're cute.
Stacy:	Well, I think you're cute too.
Narr:	Whether it was due to "Da 'Urrrb" or some other reason...
Narr:	You and Stacy have something you can only think of as a spark...
Narr:	Suddenly, she kisses you.
Narr:	But you don't immediately back off.
Narr:	Instead, you pull her closer and she sits on your lap.
Narr:	Stacy gets you immediately in the right mood.
Narr:	Her lips feel hot and wet.
Narr:	The accumulation of all today's events, combined with the sheer intensity of this moment...
Narr:	It makes you lose yourself completely...
Narr:	Almost in a trance, you reach for her ass and grab it tightly.
Stacy:	Mmmm...
Narr:	Almost clawing at your back, Stacy presses herself against you...
Narr:	Squishing her soft tits on your chest.
Narr:	It's more than enough to get anyone's blood pumping.
Narr:	And so, sitting on your lap, she feels you getting hard.
Narr:	That feeling, of your large cock pressed against her...
Narr:	It only causes her to want more...
Narr:	Soon, she starts riding and grinding you over your clothes.
Stacy:	*Pant* You're so big...
Me: 	And you're so hot...
Stacy:	Careful, our religion takes that compliment very seriously.
Narr:	Again, you share a kiss.
Narr:	The kiss drowns you in ecstasy, making you forget about everything...
Narr:	Everything...
Stacy:	Mmm...
Narr:	Wrapped in each others arms, you continue kissing and enjoying each others' touch.
Narr:	Unbeknownst to you, the campfire makes you stick out like a sore thumb.
Narr:	Indeed, it would be quite hard not to notice you...
