Narr:	After freeing yourself, and still under impression, you start walking back towards the camp.
Me: 	I can't believe this just happened.
Me: 	First, I knock myself out...
Me: 	Wake up tied to a tree, blindfolded.
Me: 	Not to mention the splitting headache. Ouch...
Me: 	Then someone starts sucking my cock?
Me: 	I can think of few better ways to start a day but what were they thinking!?
Me: 	Tying me up was out of bounds!
Me: 	Just because I was blindfolded, they think I can't find out who's responsible?
Me: 	Whoever you are... you made a big mistake underestimating my detective skills.
Me: 	I'll find you...
Narr:	Still a bit disoriented and exhausted, you trot back towards the camp.
Narr:	Within a few seconds, you can make out the patients' cabins in the distance.
Narr:	Your curiosity gets the better of you, and you plan to confront whomever you find first.
Me: 	I can start my investigation early... I'm going to find out who did this, no matter what.
Me: 	(Guess I’ll start with Cabin 2.)
Me: 	(Let's see if Belle and Stacy are inside.)
Narr:	As you peek through the cabin's window...
Me: 	What the...
Narr:	You find Stacy and Belle being... intimate.
Belle:	Thanks for trying, but it's not working...
Stacy:	You said touching might help... I'm touching...
Belle:	And you're doing a good job. You really are....
Belle:	It's just that I'm used to more... intense stimuli than breathing exercises.
Belle:	If only you had a dick...
Stacy:	I'm sorry, Belle.
Belle:	*Sigh* No, I'm sorry. I'm being difficult.
Stacy:	What about this?
Belle:	Mmmm, your touch feels nice.
Stacy:	Just keep breathing...
Belle:	*Inhale* Right...
Me: 	(Those must be those tantric breathing exercises... It's kind of freaking me out.)
Me: 	(And by the looks of it, it's not working.)
Stacy:	Is it working?
Belle:	*Exhale* It feels better, but you know what would really help...
Stacy:	What?
Me: 	(WHAT!?)
Stacy:	Hmm, I see.
Belle:	I think it's already working.
Belle:	Stacyyy... Your fingers feel wonderful.
Stacy:	It seems like we're defeating the purpose...
Belle:	No, no, no... It really helps, look...
Belle:	*Inhale* *Exhale*
Belle:	*Sigh* See? Feels great.
Stacy:	If you say so...
Narr:	Belle raises her leg higher, while Stacy's hand rubs her wet pussy.
Belle:	Could you maybeee... press a little harder?
Stacy:	Mhm.
Belle:	Oh, yeah. *Pant* That's it.
Me: 	(Do all girls "help each other out"!?)
Stacy:	My hand hurts...
Belle:	Please... *Pant* Just a little more...
Stacy:	This is tiring...
Belle:	*Grunt* Fine!
Belle:	Gimme a second.
Stacy:	...
Me: 	(This girl is unable to feel shame... Shamedicapped, if you will.)
Narr:	Without hesitation, Stacy dropped to her knees in front of Belle.
Stacy:	Should be easier now.
Me: 	(And this one couldn't care less if she tried...)
Narr:	Belle lies on the floor seductively, with a fire in her eyes that's inviting Stacy to come and play.
Belle:	Come and take me...
Narr:	Stacy comes closer to Belle and puts her fingers onto Belle's wet, warm, pussy.
Belle:	Oh, yeah, that's much nicer...
Stacy:	My hand is all wet now.
Belle:	Don't worry. I'll lick your hand clean, just don't stop.
Stacy:	That doesn't make a difference.
Me: 	(My mind... What am I seeing?)
Belle:	*Pant* That's it, keep going...
Belle:	Flick it harder *Moan*...
Stacy:	This isn't working...
Belle:	No, it's great, don't...
Stacy:	I can feel you better this way.
Belle:	Yeah... *Pant* No kidding!
Stacy:	If I'm not mistaken, it should be...
Belle:	OH, FUCK! STACY! Right there!
Stacy:	Don't forget to breathe.
Belle:	Ahhh... Good thinkiiing...
Me: 	(I was planning on confronting them about something, but now I can hardly remember what it was all about.)
Belle:	You can do it faster... I-If you want...
Stacy:	What I want isn't important.
Belle:	*Moan* I think I'm in love...
Stacy:	How does this feel?
Belle:	Fuck, so hot, so goooood!
Stacy:	Your nethers are burning.
Belle:	Must be that... AHH! Religious zeEEal of yours doing its magic.
    Belle:	Wait, wait, wait...
    Stacy:	What now?
    Belle:	Just give me a second.
    Belle:	I know I put it here somewhere...
    Stacy:	*Stare*
    Belle:	There it is!
    Belle:	Why don't you use...
    Belle:	this?
    Me: 	(She has another dildo!?)
    Stacy:	I'm confused... Didn't Dennis take it?
    Belle:	He did...
    Belle:	One.
    Me: 	(ANOTHER!?)
    Stacy:	Impressive.
    Me: 	(This is ridiculous! Is she breeding them under that bed!?)
    Me: 	(How did I not find them!? Wait, don't tell me...)
    Stacy:	I'm guessing the other one's for...
    Belle:	Shh... You'll see.
    Stacy:	Should I stick it in?
    Belle:	I'd be really grateful if you did.
    Narr:	Tightly gripping Belle's dildo, Stacy began sliding its tip inside her.
    Belle:	Mmmm, you're really good at this. Must have had a lot of practice as well.
    Stacy:	The Puncturing Flame expects us to study and become better.
    Belle:	Ahh, even stuff like this?
    Stacy:	All knowledge is of equal value.
    Belle:	*Pant* Finally something with girth...
    Stacy:	You must really miss cock.
    Belle:	*Moan* Excruciatingly so...
    Belle:	Don't you?
    Stacy:	Not usually.
    Belle:	But there's something unusual going on?
    Stacy:	Recently, I've been developing an... appetite.
    Belle:	A-And? *Pant* W-What changed?
    Stacy:	I never had problems controlling my urges...
    Belle:	That makes one of us...
    Stacy:	But I have these intrusive thoughts. It's like they're holding my mind hostage.
    Belle:	Ohhh, Stacy's in loooove.
    Stacy:	I'm not!
    Belle:	You don't have to hide it from meee.
    Stacy:	Don't make me ram this thing so deep inside you that you'll never find it.
    Belle:	Hah, look, Stacy's annoyed! She is human, after all!
    Stacy:	*Grunt* I'll show you...
    Narr:	After Belle hit Stacy's nerve, Stacy took the liberty of picking up the pace.
    Belle:	AHH! Wait, Stacy! Not so hard!
    Stacy:	You push me, I push back.
    Belle:	On-on-on second thought. Keep going!
    Stacy:	Cum already!
    Belle:	I will, I-I will, just a bit more!
    Belle:	I miss having a cock in my mouth!
    Belle:	I want to suck cock while I'm cumming!
    Narr:	Belle took the second dildo in hand and lifted it closer to her lips.
    Belle:	How I long for a proper dick on my tongue...
    Narr:	She placed it on her tongue and began fucking her mouth with it.
    Me: 	(This girl is insatiable...)
    Me: 	(But wait... she "Longs for a proper dick on her tongue"?)
    Me: 	(Is she just keeping it a secret? Or...)
    Me: 	(Actually, I doubt Belle can keep her mouth closed.)
    Me: 	...
    Me: 	(I rest my case.)
    Me: 	(Which means...)
    Belle:	MMmMMmMMmmMM...
    Belle:	AHHHHH!
    Narr:	Belle fell flat on her back, still breathing heavily from the orgasm.
    Belle:	*Pant* Oh, my God... *Pant* I needed... *Pant* I needed that.
    Belle:	Stacy, you're amazing.
    Stacy:	Glad to be of service.
    Belle:	I promise, I'll make it up to you.
    Belle:	This couldn't have been hotter...
    Belle:	You, two dildos, Dennis peeking through the window...
    Me: 	(SHIT!!!)
    Narr:	Startled, you crouch underneath the window and scurry off as fast as you can.
    Belle:	Wait, wait, wait...
    Stacy:	What now?
    Belle:	Just give me a second.
    Belle:	I know I put it here somewhere...
    Stacy:	*Stare*
    Belle:	There it is!
    Belle:	Why don't you use...
    Belle:	this?
    Me: 	(I'm still not sure if I should have let her keep it.)
    Stacy:	As you command.
    Belle:	This one's for later.
    Me: 	(ANOTHER!?)
    Stacy:	Two? Impressive.
    Me: 	(She brought TWO!? But she said...)
    Me: 	(Note to self: Never trust Belle.)
    Me: 	(How did I not find it, though!? Wait, don't tell me...)
    Stacy:	I'm guessing the other one's for...
    Belle:	Shh, you'll see.
    Stacy:	Should I stick it in?
    Belle:	I'd be really grateful if you did.
    Narr:	Tightly gripping Belle's dildo, Stacy began sliding its tip inside her.
    Belle:	Mmmm, you're really good at this. Must have had a lot of practice as well.
    Stacy:	The Puncturing Flame expects us to study and become better.
    Belle:	Ahh, even stuff like this?
    Stacy:	All knowledge is of equal value.
    Belle:	*Pant* Finally something with girth...
    Stacy:	You must really miss cock.
    Belle:	*Moan* Excruciatingly so...
    Belle:	Don't you?
    Stacy:	Not usually.
    Belle:	But there's something unusual going on?
    Stacy:	Recently, I've been developing an... appetite.
    Belle:	A-And? *Pant* W-What changed?
    Stacy:	I've never had problems controlling my urges...
    Belle:	That makes one of us...
    Stacy:	But I have these intrusive thoughts about Dennis. It's like he's holding my mind hostage.
    Belle:	Ohhh, Stacy's in loooove.
    Stacy:	I'm not!
    Belle:	You don't have to hide it from meee.
    Stacy:	Don't make me ram this thing so deep inside you that you'll never find it.
    Belle:	Hah, look, Stacy's annoyed! She is human, after all!
    Stacy:	*Grunt* I'll show you...
    Narr:	After Belle hit Stacy's nerve, Stacy took the liberty of picking up the pace.
    Belle:	AHH! Wait, Stacy! Not so hard!
    Stacy:	You push me, I push back.
    Belle:	On-on-on second thought. Keep going!
    Stacy:	Cum already!
    Belle:	I will, I-I will, just a bit more!
    Narr:	Unable to turn your gaze away, you watch everything play out.
    Belle:	I miss having a cock in my mouth!
    Belle:	I want to suck cock while I'm cumming!
    Narr:	Belle took the second dildo in hand and lifted it closer to her lips.
    Belle:	How I long for a proper dick on my tongue...
    Narr:	She placed it on her tongue and began fucking her mouth with it.
    Me: 	(This girl is insatiable...)
    Me: 	(But wait... "Longs for a proper dick on her tongue"?)
    Me: 	(Is she just keeping it a secret? Or...)
    Me: 	(Actually, I doubt Belle can keep her mouth closed.)
    Me: 	...
    Me: 	(I rest my case.)
    Me: 	(Which means...)
    Belle:	MMmMMmMMmmMM...
    Belle:	AHHHHH!
    Narr:	Belle fell flat on her back, still breathing heavily from the orgasm.
    Belle:	*Pant* Oh, my God... *Pant* I needed... *Pant* I needed that.
    Belle:	Stacy, you're amazing.
    Stacy:	Glad to be of service.
    Belle:	I promise, I'll make it up to you.
    Belle:	This couldn't have been hotter...
    Belle:	You, two dildos, Dennis peeking through the window...
    Me: 	(SHIT!!!)
    Narr:	Like a startled animal, you crouch underneath the window and scurry off as fast as you can.
Me: 	(How the fuck did she see me!?)
Me: 	(Does she have fucking x-ray vision!?)
Me: 	(Fuck! Shit! I can't think straight! I need to get to my room.)
    Narr:	As you open the front door and enter the house...
    Narr:	You find Eve standing in the middle of the room.
    Narr:	Lost in troubled thoughts, she doesn't seem to hear the front door open.
    Narr:	Her pale face shows no sign of emotion, except perhaps a glint of worry.
    Narr:	You think she's beautiful.
    Me: 	Hi, Eve.
    Narr:	She turns her head towards you...
    Narr:	Silent, yet nearly on the verge of tears...
    Narr:	She leaps to embrace you.
    Eve:	Dennis! Thank god you're okay.
    Eve:	Where have you been!? I've been worried sick!
    Me: 	I'm sorry, I-ummm... Got lost in the forest. (She's pressing me into her boobs really hard.)
    Eve:	You idiot! What were you doing there in the dark all alone!?
    Me: 	Collecting firewood. (Alone, until I wasn't...)
    Eve:	I was beginning to fear for the worst!
    Me: 	I know... I'm really sorry.
    Eve:	You're hurt!
    Me: 	Oh, this? It's nothing.
    Eve:	What happened?
    Me: 	I-uhh, kinda ran into a branch.
    Eve:	You could have cracked your skull.
    Me: 	Who said I haven't?
    Eve:	*Sigh* Come with me, let's get you some ice.
    Narr:	Eve grabs you by the wrist and pulls you towards the kitchen.
    Eve:	Sit down.
    Me: 	Eve, it's okay, I can walk.
    Eve:	I said, SIT DOWN!
    Me: 	Ok. Ok. I'll sit down.
    Eve:	How did you get lost in such a small forest?
    Eve:	Didn't you see lights from camp?
    Me: 	I did...
    Eve:	Buuut?
    Me: 	But I kinda... panicked.
    Eve:	I thought you stopped being afraid of the dark years ago.
    Me: 	It's just... Naomi told a pretty scary story.
    Me: 	Got my imagination running wild.
    Eve:	I'll have to tell Naomi to keep it PG.
    Me: 	(Like that's ever going to happen.)
    Me: 	Under no circumstance are you to let her know about this.
    Me: 	She'll rub it in my face 'till the end of time. (I should ask where I could find her, though.)
    Me: 	Also, where is she? (It could be Naomi who gave me a blowjob in the first place!)
    Eve:	They're going to be busy for a while. We're holding individual sessions with everyone.
    Eve:	Why do you ask?
    Me: 	Uhhh-I have to ask her something...
    Eve:	Sounds like you and Naomi are getting along.
    Eve:	Do you like her?
    Me: 	ME!? NAOMI!? *Scoffs*
    Me: 	That woman is a scourge. Amusing, but a scourge, nonetheless.
    Eve:	Why hang around her then?
    Me: 	Umm, you told me to?
    Eve:	*Chuckle* I did, didn't I?
    Me: 	But, I guess... everyone needs company.
    Me: 	Especially the girls. They all seem a bit lonely and isolated.
    Eve:	That's a very good observation. I like when you're considerate.
    Me: 	Well, you obviously know a lot more about them than I do.
    Eve:	I wouldn't say so...
    Eve:	After all, you've been spending quite a lot of time with the patients.
    Me: 	(Ah, fuck, here we go again...)
    Eve:	I didn't expect you to adapt so well. Or show interest, for that matter.
    Eve:	I'm impressed.
    Eve:	And proud.
    Me: 	Umm, thanks... (And here I was thinking she'll point out "THE GUIDELINES" like the rest.)
    Eve:	*Scoff* Even though...
    Me: 	What?
    Eve:	*Chuckle* N-Nothing.
    Me: 	Whaaat? Tell me.
    Eve:	*Laughs* Even though you panicked in the forest like a little kid.
    Me: 	So much for "impressed."
    Eve:	You'll get there.
    Narr:	Eve gently places her hand on your cheek, looks you deeply in the eyes and says...
    Eve:	I'm just glad you're okay.
    Eve:	I don't know what I'd do if some...
    Eve:	Take the day off, Dennis. You should rest.
    Me: 	Uhhh... okay. (Wow, that was really considerate of her.)
    Me: 	*Sigh* (Eve's right. I should probably get some rest.)
    Me: 	(The mystery of the "Forest Sucker" can wait.)
    Me: 	(The girls are busy, anyway.)
Narr:	As you walk up the stairs, you notice Emily, who's just about to enter her room.
Me: 	Hey Emily.
Emily:	EEEK!
Me: 	Ouch, my eardrums.
Emily:	Dennis... *Pant* You scared me.
Me: 	Still not used to me being around, huh?
Emily:	Yeah, haven't seen you in so long.
Me: 	Could have been longer.
Emily:	What do you mean?
Me: 	Well, if you didn't notice, I spent the entire night in the forest.
Emily:	Really? Are you okay?
Me: 	Yeah, I'm fine. I’ve done it before, but it was pretty scary doing it again.
Emily:	*Sneer* I bet it was. You look just as freaked out as the time you did it as a teenager.
Me: 	Hey! That's in the past!
Emily:	I'm glad you're back safe, though.
Emily:	We wouldn't be able to hang out if you stayed lost, or died, or...
Me: 	*Chuckle* That's some sound logic right there.
Emily:	Don't make fun of me, I'm serious!
Me: 	I'm not, I wholeheartedly agree. (She's a bit edgy.)
Me: 	(Maybe she woke up recently... Or is there something else?)
Me: 	Is there something wrong? You seem more shaken than I am.
Emily:	So what if I am!?
Me: 	But why?
Emily:	Cuz it's like you're avoiding me all the time.
Emily:	That talk we had yesterday, did it mean nothing?
Me: 	Don't say that, that's not true.
Me: 	Yesterday evening you went to town...
Me: 	And you know I'm busy during the day.
Emily:	*Pout* Busy hanging out with everyone else.
Me: 	Emily...
Emily:	Don't patronize me! I saw you playing volleyball and going swimming...
Me: 	(Oh, no. Hope she didn't see everything.)
Emily:	I don't understand, why won't you include me in your life?
Me: 	(She looks upset. Seems she missed me more than she cares to show.)
Me: 	You're right.
Emily:	I am?
Me: 	I need to be here for you, and invite you if something fun's going on.
Emily:	Really, you mean it?
Me: 	Of course. (Rather than letting you get hammered on weekends.)
Emily:	Awww, you are the best!
Me: 	Ouch, watch it. I'm still sore.
Emily:	*Chuckle* Whoops, sorry.
Me: 	It's okay. I'm glad we got that out of our systems.
Me: 	I'm sorry we didn't get to hang out yet, but I haven't forgotten about you.
Me: 	I'll try to find some time, and we can have fun. Just like you wanted.
Emily:	You better.
Me: 	I promise.
Emily:	*Chuckle* Can't wait.
Emily:	But, you're probably exhausted. Go take a nap, for now.
Emily:	See you 'round.
Me: 	Yeah, see ya.
Me: 	*Sigh* (I neglected Emily a bit, didn’t I?)
Me: 	(I'll have to fix that as soon as possible.)
Me: 	(Right after I recuperate and find the "Forest Sucker.")
Me: 	*Sigh* (Jane, Emily, Kiara and Eve...)
Me: 	(The girls...)
Me: 	(I feel like everyone's expecting too much from me.)
Me: 	(Everyone with their own agendas and motivations and whatnot...)
Me: 	Humans, am I right?
Me: 	...
Me: 	Bah, so much head-noise.
Me: 	(Now that I'm looking at this bed, I really could use a nap.)
Me: 	Ahhhh...
Me: 	Sweet oblivion, take me.
Me: 	Mmmm...
Narr:	Feeling exhausted and unable to think straight, you gladly give your eyes a rest.
Narr:	But the darkness behind your eyelids is like a canvas for thoughts and memories.
Narr:	Memories of being afraid of the dark...
Narr:	Memories of being tied up and blindfolded...
Narr:	Memories of someone slurping the cum out of your cock.
Me: 	Fuck... (I can't stop thinking about it. It's like it's burned into my brain.)
Me: 	Great... (I can feel my dick getting hard again.)
Me: 	*Sigh* (I wish Jane were here...)
    Me: 	(Maybe I should call her?)
        Me: 	(Might as well, she deserves some attention.)
        Me: 	(And I should get my mind off of things...)
        Me: 	(Wonder what she's been up to.)
        Jane:	Hey, handsome? Miss me?
        Me: 	Right back at you.
        Jane:	*Chuckle* Just a tiny bit.
        Me: 	*Chuckle* That's at least something.
        Me: 	Well, what have you been up to? What's up?
        Jane:	*Sigh* I'm so bored.
        Me: 	Hanging out with your parents?
        Jane:	You know that feeling when you're glad you did something, but regret it anyway?
        Me: 	All too well. (Thinking of you, recent events...)
        Jane:	They were so happy when I came home. But they're barely letting me breathe.
        Jane:	"How are the patients? Are they super crazy? Have you been eating? Why didn't you visit sooner?"
        Jane:	You know, the whole shebang.
        Me: 	Getting sick of it?
        Jane:	A little. But they missed me a lot.
        Jane:	*Sigh* I guess I'll stay for a while longer, until things calm down.
        Jane:	Think I can come over soon?
        Me: 	Umm... (I wish I could just tell her not to come, but I'm afraid that would open a can of worms...)
        Jane:	Have you "ironed everything out" at camp?
        Me: 	I guess. It's not as horrible as I thought.
            Jane:	Female patients? Huh?
            Me: 	*Sigh* We had this talk, Jane. (You're too close to the truth for comfort...)
            Jane:	I'm just teasing. I know you can keep it in your pants.
            Me: 	Yeah... (I thought the same, but everything is turning into a giant shit-show.)
            Jane:	Made friends?
            Me: 	Yeah, you could say that. (With sexy bodies, too.)
            Me: 	It's not that bad. I guess I'm having fun. (I'm toast if Jane ever finds out the entire truth.)
            Jane:	There you go. I knew you could do it.
        Me: 	And? How are your parents?
        Jane:	Oh please, like you actually care.
        Me: 	*Chuckle* (She figured it out, shit).
        Jane:	I'd rather talk about what we'll be doing when I come over there...
        Me: 	Oh, had something in mind?
        Jane:	Your cock is all I'm thinking about.
        Me: 	Straight to the point, huh?
        Jane:	Why be subtle when my pussy's yearning for your attention?
        Me: 	(Oh, wow, talk about direct.)
        Me: 	Didn't you say you missed me "just a little bit"?
        Me: 	(Then again, do I?)
        Me: 	(I'm not really feeling well...)
        Me: 	(I might let something slip if I'm not careful enough.)
        Me: 	(And I have enough problems on my plate as it is.)
Me: 	(After all this... weird sexual stuff that happened.)
Me: 	(Not to mention, Stacy and I kissed...)
Me: 	(I mean, I don't want these things to happen, but they just do.)
Me: 	(Can't say I haven't enjoyed the attention, though.)
Me: 	(But now, the way things are, I'll have to tell Jane the truth or keep everything a secret...)
Me: 	*Sigh* God, I'm such an idiot.
Me: 	(How can I fix this?)
Me: 	...
Me: 	(Take it step by step, I guess...)
Me: 	(So what's the first thing I have to do?)
Me: 	(Probably figure out who the "Forest Sucker" was?)
Me: 	(I was absolutely convinced it wouldn't take more than a few minutes to get a decent lead, at least.)
Me: 	(You know... eavesdrop here, blackmail there...)
Me: 	(Bribe a few pigs and break a few fingers...)
Me: 	(But now I have no idea how to even approach them.)
Me: 	"Hey, did you suck my cock?"
Me: 	"What about you, did you suck my cock?"
Me: 	*Sigh* Master-level social and information gathering skills.
Me: 	Fuck that, I'm going to sleep...
Me: 	...
Me: 	....
Me: 	.....
Narr:	*Slurp*
Me: 	God damn it!
Me: 	(How can I get any sleep when I keep seeing all the girls nicely lined up, sucking my dick...)
Me: 	(No, this can't wait. I want to figure this out NOW. I must!)
Me: 	(Alright, Dennis, let's think for a moment. Who are the suspects, and how can I find out who it was?)
Me: 	(How's it done in the movies? I forget...)
Me: 	(Motive, alibi and psychoanalysis? Sounds about right.)
Me: 	(I kinda doubt it was Violet, she's too shy.)
Me: 	(Then again, I was blindfolded. Which might have given her the courage to do it.)
Me: 	(And a good detective always follows up on his leads.)
Me: 	(Stacy is a wildcard. God knows what she's capable of...)
Me: 	(I'd say Belle is the prime suspect. Her... and that insatiable sexual appetite of hers.)
Me: 	(But Stacy and Belle were... well, "busy"...)
Me: 	(And Belle mentioned she missed cock on her tongue...)
Me: 	(Her words, not mine.)
Me: 	(On the other hand, Belle's definitely the type of person to mess with you. She somehow knew I was there, watching.)
Me: 	(Only one that's left is Naomi... I could see her pulling a stunt like that, no doubt.)
Me: 	(She's been hitting on me from the moment she saw me. Maybe I should start with her.)
Me: 	(But I can't do shit as long as they're having their sessions.)
Me: 	Hmm, this is a conundrum.
Me: 	(Wait, this might be an opportunity!)
Me: 	(I could eavesdrop on their conversations. Maybe someone mentions something of interest.)
Me: 	(They're probably in the office. I should check there first.)
Me: 	Better get to it...
Me: 	Master detective Dennis is on the case.
Me: 	(Seems like no one's here yet.)
Me: 	(I'll have to find a good hiding spot if I plan on overhearing anything.)
Narr:	Again, without knocking, you open the office door.
Narr:	To your surprise, you find Eve sitting on the desk.
Eve:	Dennis... Again, without knocking.
Me: 	Oh, you're here. (Shit, she's already here!)
Eve:	Why do you keep doing this?
Me: 	Brain damage?
Eve:	Don't make me laugh...
Eve:	We'll need to have a serious talk about your intrusive entrances...
Me: 	I didn't think anyone was here. (How am I supposed to hide now!?)
Eve:	One of these days you'll end up seeing something no one wants you to see.
Me: 	(Maybe I should just cut my losses and look for someone else.)
Eve:	Dennis? Something wrong?
Me: 	Mhm, great.
Eve:	Why aren't you resting?
Me: 	Couldn't sleep.
Eve:	Then what are you doing here?
Me: 	(Uhhh, I have no plausible explanation.)
Eve:	Actually, you know what, I don't have time for this.
Me: 	(Guess I’m off the hook.)
Narr:	Eve picks up a stack of papers from the desk and starts heading out of the office.
Me: 	Wait, where are you going? Aren't you holding sessions here?
Eve:	I'll be back in 5 minutes for Belle's session.
Eve:	After Belle's session, Violet will meet me at the gazebo.
Eve:	You should find something else to do, Dennis.
Me: 	(It's time to hone my detective skills.)
Me: 	(Hmm. I should find a place to hide in the office.)
Eve:	Try to get some rest, will you?
Me: 	I'll try. (I have five minutes to find a good hiding spot in there.)
Narr:	You wait a moment for Eve to leave the vicinity, before continuing with your master plan.
Me: 	(I guess it's now or never.)
Me: 	(Where should I hide?)
Me: 	(Alright, this should do.)
Me: 	(Now let's see if my stealth level's high enough.)
Narr:	You wait a few more minutes before hearing footsteps and voices close by.
Me: 	(That must be Eve and Belle. They'll come inside any second now.)
Me: 	(Pray they don't see me.)
Eve:	Make yourself comfortable.
Belle:	I can take my clothes off?
Eve:	You know what I meant.
Belle:	Ummm, so that's a "yes"?
Eve:	*Sigh* Let's start with something basic...
Eve:	Tell me a bit more about yourself.
Me: 	(Wait, they're not coming into the office?)
Belle:	Hmm, where to start? Well, I REALLY like older men... and women.
Me: 	(Seems like they're holding the session in there.)
Me: 	(And by the sound of it, Belle's hitting on Eve. What a surprise...)
Me: 	(Maybe I could open the door a bit and peek through.)
Narr:	Quiet as a mouse, you sneak toward the office door...
Me: 	(Alright, this should do.)
Me: 	(Now let's see if my stealth level's high enough.)
Narr:	You wait a few more minutes before hearing footsteps and voices close by.
Me: 	(That must be Eve and Belle. They'll come inside any second now.)
Me: 	(Pray they don't see me.)
Eve:	Make yourself comfortable.
Belle:	I can take my clothes off?
Eve:	You know what I meant.
Belle:	Ummm, so that's a "yes"?
Eve:	*Sigh* Let's start with something basic...
Eve:	Tell me a bit more about yourself.
Me: 	(Wait, they're not coming into the office?)
Belle:	Hmm, where to start? Well, I REALLY like older men... and women.
Me: 	(Seems like they're holding the session in there.)
Me: 	(And by the sound of it, Belle's hitting on Eve. What a surprise...)
Me: 	(Maybe I could open the door a bit and peek through.)
Narr:	Quiet as a mouse, you sneak toward the office door...
Me: 	(Alright, this should do.)
Me: 	(Now let's see if my stealth level's high enough.)
Narr:	You wait a few more minutes before hearing footsteps and voices close by.
Me: 	(That must be Eve and Belle. They'll come inside any second now.)
Me: 	(Hopefully they don't see me.)
Eve:	Make yourself comfortable.
Belle:	I can take my clothes off?
Eve:	You know what I meant.
Belle:	Ummm, so that's a "yes"?
Eve:	*Sigh* Let's start with something basic...
Eve:	Tell me a bit more about yourself.
Me: 	(Wait, they're not coming into the office?)
Belle:	Hmm, where to start? Well, I REALLY like older men... and women.
Me: 	(Seems like they're holding the session in there.)
Me: 	(And by the sound of it, Belle's hitting on Eve. What a surprise...)
Me: 	(Maybe I could open the door a bit and peek through.)
Narr:	Quiet as a mouse, you sneak toward the office door...
Narr:	And gently push it ajar.
Eve:	When did you notice these intense... sexual desires?
Belle:	Hmm, must have been when I figured out what a clitoris was for.
Me: 	*Quiet chuckle* (Eve's gonna lose her shit, talking to her.)
Eve:	Alright, so when you were very young...
Eve:	What do you think made you feel this way?
Belle:	Well, duuuh. Pleasure, of course.
Belle:	I just looove having a nice, big cock stuffing my pussy.
Eve:	Ahm, fewer details, please. And less swearing, if possible.
Belle:	How boring...
Me: 	(Seems like Belle wound up here because of her sexual needs. Who would have guessed?)
Me: 	(But who sent her here? I doubt it was her own decision to come here.)
Belle:	Doesn't sex do anything for you? I bet it does.
Belle:	You strike me as the quiet type, which means you like to dominate in bed...
Belle:	I would italicize the "especially" in your suggestion above.
Belle:	Very much.
Me: 	(Interesting, Belle likes to be dominated... Very interesting.)
Eve:	I do enjoy sex, if you must know...
Belle:	Yes, I must.
Eve:	But my sexual life isn't why we're here. It's yours.
Belle:	Really, you sure? I thought "private session" meant... You know...
Eve:	We both know that's not what you expected.
Belle:	A girl can dream...
Eve:	*Scribbles* Unable to take things seriously.
Belle:	Hey! This IS serious! A serious disappointment.
Eve:	The more you struggle, the harder its going to get.
Belle:	*Giggle* That's what I was hoping for.
Eve:	*Sigh* Can we change the subject?
Belle:	Why? Are you getting hot? Hard to breathe? Salivating?
Belle:	Are you getting wet from our little talk?
Belle:	Because it would do wonders for my ego if it did, you know?
Me: 	*Choking* (I-I can't, I'll burst out laughing. Belle is making Eve feel so awkward, it's beautiful.)
Eve:	*Scribbles* Direct behavior, sexually frustrated, lacks self-esteem...
Me: 	(Hmm, maybe not...)
Belle:	Lacks self-esteem!? Are you blind? Do you see this?
Belle:	If anything, this is where my self-esteem comes from.
Eve:	So you do understand. Excellent.
Belle:	What do you mean?
Eve:	Your extreme sexual appetite is a reaction to the lack of self-esteem you're feeling.
Belle:	Yeah right...
Eve:	You're measuring your worth by the amount of sexual attention you're getting.
Eve:	The greater the number of people that are attracted to you, the more fulfilled you feel.
Belle:	...
Eve:	No response? So, we are getting somewhere. Good.
Eve:	Have you ever thought of sex as an addiction?
Belle:	Constantly, I need it every day.
Belle:	*Giggle* Preferably multiple times.
Belle:	Wouldn't you rather help me out with that instead of talking about this boring nonsense?
Eve:	I'd prefer that you cooperate.
Belle:	But I've been nothing but receptive and cooperative since the moment we came here.
Eve:	Belle, you're a beautiful, bright young woman with great potential...
Eve:	Why would you reduce yourself to this... Character you've created?
Eve:	You don't have to spend every second thinking about or wanting sex to feel fulfilled.
Eve:	There's more to life than just sex.
Belle:	Is there?
Eve:	...
Eve:	Let me get some papers from the office. I'd like to show you something.
Me: 	(SHIT, she's coming this way!)
Me: 	(She's gonna see me if I don't hide or get out!)
Me: 	(I don't know what to do!)
Me: 	(Maybe under Eve's desk... She might not notice me there.)
Me: 	(God help me...)
Narr:	As you cower under Eve's desk, you see the door open, and Eve enters the room.
Narr:	You pull your knees as close to your chest as you can, making yourself as small as possible.
Narr:	Holding your breath, praying you don't let a fart slip out.
Narr:	Eve calmly walks around her desk, toward the bookshelves.
Narr:	She scans the rows of books, making her way toward the files.
Narr:	Droplets of nervous sweat collect on your brow.
Me: 	(Good thing I didn't hide behind the bookshelves. She'd notice me there for sure.)
Me: 	(She's pulling out a file...)
Me: 	(AND LEAVING! I DID IT, SHE DIDN'T NOTICE ME!)
Me: 	*Sigh* (That magazine's personality quiz was right...)
Me: 	(Should have been a rogue, instead of a student.)
Me: 	(But this situation's perfect!)
Me: 	(I can still keep on eavesdropping their conversation.)
Narr:	Once again, you approach the door and open it slightly.
Narr:	You see Eve continue the session, handing Belle some papers.
Eve:	These are some statistics related to the troubles you're experiencing.
Eve:	An analysis of people with similar problems, if you will.
Belle:	I don't see my "condition" as a problem.
Belle:	I don't have a problem with it. Society does.
Belle:	Everyone's so stuck up and boring, it makes me want to gag.
Eve:	So, you're afraid of being boring?
Belle:	Hah, I'd hardly call myself boring.
Eve:	Exactly. You're going over the top in almost everything you do.
Belle:	What's wrong with being yourself? Doing the things you want?
Eve:	There's absolutely nothing wrong with it.
Eve:	You should always explore and learn who you are.
Belle:	So what's the problem? Why am I being held hostage in a rehab camp?
Eve:	I say there's nothing wrong with it, and I truly mean it...
Eve:	And yet, because of your public exhibitionism and general behavior...
Me: 	("Public exhibitionism"? What did she do? Walk naked around town?)
Eve:	You wound up in a rehabilitation camp.
Eve:	I'd say it's as much your problem as it is the rest of society's.
Belle:	If they can take a dick, they can take a joke.
Eve:	Some just can't, and you're intelligent enough to know it.
Belle:	...
Me: 	(Seems like Eve's getting to her.)
Me: 	(But she hasn't mentioned anything about this morning...)
Me: 	(I doubt she will...)
Me: 	(If nothing else, now I know why Belle's here.)
Me: 	(Public exhibitionism... I should ask her about it sometime.)
Me: 	I'll wait a couple of minutes until Eve arrives at the gazebo.
Me: 	(I don't know what to do!)
Me: 	(Maybe behind the shelves... She might not see me.)
Me: 	(God help me...)
Narr:	As you squish yourself to the wall behind the shelves, you see the door open, and Eve enters the room.
Narr:	You suck in your stomach, making yourself as small as possible.
Narr:	Holding your breath, praying you don't let a fart slip out.
Narr:	Eve calmly walks around the desk towards the drawers.
Narr:	She opens them and ruffles through some papers, as droplets of nervous sweat collect on your brow.
Me: 	(Good thing I didn't hide under her desk, she'd notice me there for sure.)
Me: 	(She's closing the drawer...)
Me: 	(AND LEAVING! I DID IT, SHE DIDN'T NOTICE...)
Eve:	You insult my perception, Dennis.
Me: 	*Yelp*
Eve:	I don't see why you're eavesdropping, Dennis.
Eve:	You'll get your chance to practice therapy.
Eve:	Did you really expect I wouldn't notice you hiding over there?
Me: 	I tried...
Eve:	*Sigh* I'm not sure what you're doing in here, but by the time I get back, you better be gone.
Me: 	But Belle will see me.
Eve:	Do I have to spell everything out for you?
Me: 	Yes?
Eve:	You can be so clueless, sometimes...
Eve:	Use the damn window.
Me: 	Oh, right. Makes sense.
Eve:	Of course it does.
Eve:	Now get the hell out.
Eve:	We're going to have a talk about this.
Eve:	Understood!?
Me: 	Yes, ma'am.
Eve:	Excellent.
Narr:	Eve leaves the office, closing the door behind her.
Eve:	Now then, I'd like you to look at these analytics...
Me: 	Man... (That was nerve-wracking.)
Me: 	(I better get out and stay quiet.)
Me: 	(Don't want Eve bearing down on me even harder.)
Me: 	(If that's even possible.)
Me: 	I'll wait a couple of minutes until Eve arrives at the gazebo.
Me: 	(There's no place to hide! She'll see me for sure!)
Me: 	(I'm out of options...)
Me: 	(No, wait! The window! I might make it!)
Me: 	(Fuck hiding, I'm outta here!)
Narr:	You open the window and start climbing out.
Narr:	Hearing the doorknob, you panic and jump headfirst out the window.
Eve:	Hello?
Eve:	Hmm... I thought I closed that window.
Me: 	I'll wait a couple of minutes until Eve arrives at the gazebo.
Me: 	(I don't know what to do!)
Me: 	(Maybe I can hide under here... She might not see me.)
Me: 	(God help me...)
Narr:	As you cower under the reading table, you see the door open, and Eve enters the room.
Narr:	You tuck your knees into your chest, making yourself as small as possible.
Narr:	Holding your breath, praying you don't let a fart slip out.
Narr:	Eve calmly walks around the desk towards the drawers.
Narr:	She opens it and ruffles through some papers, as droplets of nervous sweat collect on your brow.
Me: 	(She's so damn close, but it doesn't seem like she noticed me.)
Me: 	(She's closing the drawer...)
Me: 	(AND LEAVING! I DID IT, SHE DIDN'T NOTICE...)
Eve:	Dennis... What on earth are you doing under there?
Me: 	*Yelp*
Eve:	I don't see why you're eavesdropping, Dennis.
Eve:	You'll get your chance to practice therapy.
Eve:	Did you really expect I wouldn't notice you "hiding" under here?
Me: 	I tried...
Eve:	*Sigh* I'm not sure what you're doing under there, but by the time I get back, you better be gone.
Me: 	But Belle will see me.
Eve:	Do I have to spell everything out for you?
Me: 	Yes?
Eve:	You can be so clueless, sometimes...
Eve:	Use the damn window.
Me: 	Oh, right. Makes sense.
Eve:	Of course it does.
Eve:	Please leave now.
Eve:	We're going to have a talk about this.
Eve:	Understood!?
Me: 	Yes, ma'am.
Eve:	Excellent.
Narr:	Eve leaves the office, closing the door behind her.
Me: 	Man... (That was nerve-wracking.)
Me: 	(I better get out and stay quiet.)
Me: 	(Don't want Eve bearing down on me even harder.)
Me: 	(If that's even possible.)
Me: 	I'll wait a couple of minutes until Eve arrives at the gazebo.
Narr:	As the pressure gets to you, you panic and freeze on the spot.
Narr:	The door opens slowly, while nervous sweat collects on your brow.
Narr:	Taking a deep breath, you say your prayers.
Narr:	Preparing for the consequences of your choices.
Narr:	Of course, Eve notices you immediately, raising an eyebrow in response.
Narr:	She carefully closes the door behind her, before addressing you.
Eve:	Care to explain why you're standing here in my office?
Eve:	Weren't you supposed to be resting after your accident?
Me: 	I-uhhh... (I can't tell him anything. I need a distraction.)
Eve:	I'll ask again... What are you doing here?
Me: 	UHHHHHHH....
Me: 	SMOKE BOMB!
Eve:	What!?
Eve:	...
Eve:	Was that supposed to be a distraction?
Eve:	*Sigh* Maybe I should arrange a session for him, too...
Belle:	Did you just yell "smoke bomb"!? Is something wrong!?
Eve:	*Inhales* (I can't let her know Dennis was here.)
Eve:	*Exhales* Yes... Yes, I did.
Eve:	It was just a joke, though. No need to worry.
Belle:	I didn't know you could do those.
Eve:	Use the window and get out, please.
Eve:	If I see you snooping inside this office again, we're going to have a serious talk.
Eve:	(Maybe I should give him more tough-love... Help him build more character.)
Narr:	Eve leaves the office, closing the door behind her.
Me: 	Man... (That was nerve-wracking.)
Me: 	(I better get out and stay quiet.)
Me: 	(Don't want Eve bearing down on me even harder.)
Me: 	(If that's even possible.)
Me: 	I'll wait a couple of minutes until Eve arrives at the gazebo.
Me: 	(There's Violet with Eve.)
Me: 	(Already deep in conversation by the looks of it.)
Me: 	Hmm... (All this open space... There's hardly a way to approach them without getting caught.)
Me: 	(It's going to be difficult getting close.)
Me: 	(I need to figure something out quickly, before their session ends.)
Me: 	(Right, what is there... What can I use?)
Me: 	(Trees, sand, rocks, bushes...)
    Me: 	(Trees, sand, rocks, bushes...)
        Me: 	(That tree o' yonder...)
        Me: 	(I should be able to climb it and get a better vantage point.)
        Me: 	(All I have to do is make my way over there without getting caught.)
        Me: 	(Simple enough...)
        Narr:	First, you check your surroundings for any unwanted company.
        Narr:	Before dropping into a low crouch.
        Narr:	Drooling like a hungry fox behind the fence, stalking and observing its lunch from the distance.
        Narr:	Not breaking eye contact/visual from the prey before you.
        Narr:	Reflecting one more time, on the things you're about to do, a jittery feeling spreads throughout your body.
        Me: 	(God, what am I doing? This is so stupid. What if I get caught?)
        Me: 	(But... I must... I MUST figure out who it was.)
        Narr:	As adrenaline starts coursing through your body, the old familiar evolutionary question arises...
        Narr:	Fight or flight?
        Narr:	Wanting nothing more than to solve this mystery, your primitive predatory instincts take hold, erasing fear and thought.
        Narr:	Swiftly and soundlessly, you jump over the fence.
        Narr:	Staying low to the ground and making sure not to make a sound, you begin your approach.
        Narr:	You have a goal, and one goal only.
        Narr:	A goal that nothing and no-one may interrupt.
        Narr:	Continuing to stay low, carefully crouching your way forward.
        Narr:	Time slowed down.
        Narr:	You could feel the gentle crackling of branches under your feet.
        Narr:	The many different scents, carried by the wind.
        Narr:	The cold and calculated clarity of the hunt.
        Me: 	(They're completely oblivious to my presence. Good.)
        Me: 	(This'll be a cakewalk.)
        Narr:	Finally close to the tree, you begin climbing it.
        Me: 	(I'm in position, and they have no idea they're being stalked. I'd call this a success.)/I am a panther, unseen, sly, deadly...
        Narr:	Perching yourself upon the tree's branches, you continue observing and listening for anything of interest.
        Me: 	(What the hell are they talking about? I can barely hear them!)
        Me: 	(Can't distinguish a single word from this distance.)
        Narr:	But soon after, the adrenaline begins dissipating from your body...
        Narr:	You start seeing... flaws, in your plan.
        Me: 	(What was I thinking!? This tree is way too far from the gazebo.)
        Me: 	(It's not like Violet's gonna yell about her private problems.)
        Me: 	...
        Me: 	(Please Violet, yell what bothers you.)
        Me: 	...
        Me: 	(Nope, guess I'm asking too much.)
        Narr:	Looking like a mutated owl, or just a very confused stalker squatting on a branch, you take a moment to reflect.
        Narr:	Being physically closer to God and viewing the world from this height, you feel a sense of peace and clarity.
        Narr:	The rational, the infinite, your human capacity...
        Me: 	*Sigh* (What the hell am I doing?)
            Me: 	*Sigh* (What the hell am I doing?)
                Me: 	(Yeah, I better climb down, this is ridiculous.)
                Me: 	(Hopefully they won't hear me...)
                Me: 	(Not that I hear them...)
                Narr:	Even though they're fairly far away, you still take great care not to make too much noise.
                Narr:	The moment your feet land, you scurry off in the same direction you came from.
                Narr:	And after, jumping the fence again, you are in the clear.
                Me: 	(Great, they didn't spot me.)
                Me: 	(And I didn't see Violet...)
                Me: 	*Sigh* (All this, and for what? Nothing!)
                Me: 	(Still, I don't think Violet's the type to tie someone down and then suck 'em off in a forest.)
                Me: 	(Then again... this IS a rehabilitation camp...)
                Me: 	(You never know what strange ideas might be brewing in their minds, Dennis. You never know...)
                Narr:	Deciding to continue your investigation elsewhere, you move away.
                Narr:	Too far to hear anything.
                Narr:	Too afraid to move, in case they notice you.
                Narr:	And so, not knowing how to proceed, you stay perched on your little branch.
                Narr:	Waiting for their conversation to end.
                Me: 	*Sigh* (This is gonna take a while, isn't it?)
                Narr:	After another ten minutes of uncomfortable branch-squatting, Eve and Violet get up.
                Me: 	(FINALLY! I can barely feel my legs anymore.) My cramps have cramps...
                Me: 	(Alright, just make sure not to move, don't make a sound... Just stop existing altogether.)
                Narr:	As you erase your presence and become one with nature...
                Narr:	Violet and Eve pass you by without catching a glimpse of the weirdo chilling in the canopy.
                Me: 	(Doesn't look like they noticed me.)
                Me: 	(But wait, Eve dropped something...)
                Me: 	(Looks like a sheet of paper.)
                Me: 	(Maybe there's some useful info on it.)
                Narr:	You wait another minute before Violet and Eve move out of line of sight, before climbing down.
                Narr:	Once down, you quickly rush towards the paper and pick it up.
                Narr:	As you start reading, a few things stand out.
                Me: 	(Height, weight, date of birth...)
                Me: 	(Looks like Eve's notes on Violet. Though, it's mostly just short sentences and some colloquial stuff...)
                Me: 	("Spontaneous reaction," "unable to control," "deeply embedded"...)
                Me: 	(Bah, I'm just even more confused than before... This has nothing to do with sex or what happened in the morning whatsoever.)
                Me: 	*Sigh* (I knew Violet probably wasn't the one. What a waste of time.)
                Me: 	...
                Me: 	(But what am I going to do with this paper?)
                Me: 	(I'd feel bad if someone got their hands on this without permission.)
                Narr:	*Wind whistling*
                Me: 	Yeah...
                    Me: 	Yeah...
        Me: 	(There really isn't anywhere to hide...)
        Me: 	(Maybe if I stay close to the ground they won't notice me.)
        Me: 	(Only one way to find out...)
        Narr:	First, you check your surroundings for any unwanted company...
        Narr:	Before belly flopping on the floor.
        Me: 	(Alright, just like in those war movies...)
        Me: 	(Stay low. Chin on the ground. One arm in front of the other...)
        Narr:	Pressed flat on the earth below, you brace yourself for a cumbersome crawl.
        Narr:	With every inch crossed, the grass blades tickle your nose, while your forearms slowly get covered in dirt.
        Narr:	Even though you're moving at the speed of an injured sloth, bit by bit, the gazebo's getting closer.
        Me: 	(I'm advancing well, and they still haven't seen me.)
        Me: 	*Grunt* (And, you know what... It's pretty cool and nice, down here.)
        Me: 	(I almost want to take a nap.)
        Me: 	*Pant* (I don't see why people make such a big deal out of crawling.)
        Narr:	As you touch the sand beneath you, visions of World War II and D-Day fill your mind.
        Narr:	The ravaged shores of Normandy...
        Narr:	The German artillery...
        Narr:	The corpses piling on the beaches...
        Narr:	Gunshots, explosions and screams erupt all around you.
        Narr:	Your best friend... lying fatally wounded beside you.
        Narr:	Tears start welling up in your eyes. Another naive dream shattered.
        Violet:	But how can that help me!?
        Me: 	Huh?
        Narr:	A familiar voice pulls you out of your vision of the past and back into the present.
        Eve:	*Inaudible* trust me.
        Me: 	*Phew* (I almost didn't notice how close I was. Spying is stressful...)
        Me: 	(And, from this distance, I can hear them pretty well.)
        Me: 	(Let's hear what Violet's been up to.)
        Eve:	*Inaudible* Anyone special?
        Me: 	(Is she's asking about Violet's love life?)
        Violet:	Maybe *inaudible* but who'd bother?
        Eve:	Just *inaudible* spontaneous orgasms *inaudible* like you.
        Me: 	("SPONTANEOUS ORGASMS"!? What even are those?)
        Violet:	Not so loud! I don't want... *inaudible*
        Eve:	A clap *Inaudible* with treatment.
        Me: 	(I can't make out the whole story, but it sounds like Violet gets random orgasms.)
        Me: 	(Does that happen to people!?)
        Me: 	(When I asked her why she came here, she didn't want to answer. It looks like she's ashamed of it.)
        Me: 	(On the other hand, hardly anyone would openly talk about this to others.)
        Eve:	*Inaudible* done for today.
        Me: 	(They're done? THEY'RE DONE!?)
        Me: 	(I'm out in the open, they'll see me!)
        Me: 	(Oh, no, no, no, no, no...)
        Narr:	As Eve and Violet get up and start leaving the gazebo, you start hyperventilating.
        Me: 	(I can't hide, I can't get up, fuck!)
        Me: 	(Why didn't I think this through!? They were bound to walk past me after they finished!)
        Violet:	Dennis? Is that you?
        Eve:	Huh? Dennis, what are you doing on the floor?
        Me: 	My-uhh, phone dropped...
        Eve:	And that's how you look for it?
        Violet:	You bastard! I know what you were doing here!
        Eve:	What?
        Violet:	He was eavesdropping on our conversation!
        Me: 	Please, I can explain...
        Violet:	Fuck you!
        Narr:	With clenched teeth and fists, Violet ran away.
        Eve:	You idiot!? What the hell were you thinking!?
        Me: 	Really, I can explain...
        Eve:	You don't get it, do you?
        Eve:	If something like this goes to court... Dennis! She could ruin us if she wanted to!
        Me: 	Shit...
        Eve:	"Shit" encompasses our situation very well...
        Eve:	*Sigh* Fuck...
        Me: 	I'm sorry, I'll...
        Eve:	You'll go find her and apologize!
        Me: 	I don't think she wants to talk to me.
        Eve:	I don't fucking care!
        Eve:	You'll beg for her forgiveness if you have to, do you understand me?
        Me: 	Yes, ma'am.
        Eve:	We'll talk more later, now GO!
        Me: 	I'm sorry, I'll make it up to you.
        Eve:	I don't need your apology, Violet does.
        Me: 	I...
        Eve:	GO!
        Narr:	Not knowing what else to do, you rush after Violet.
        Me: 	(Damn it, Violet. You and your athletic legs.)
        Me: 	(I already lost sight of her. I'll have to find her.)
        Me: 	(God, I just hope she hasn't left the premises.)
        Me: 	(There's no way I can approach them without being seen. There's nowhere to hide.)
        Me: 	(Maybe if I circle around them, I'll have better chances.)
        Narr:	Discreetly, you begin walking towards the cabins.
        Narr:	Taking care not to look in Violet's and Eve's direction, lest you arouse suspicion.
        Me: 	(I'm just a little, harmless Dennis going for a walk. Nothing of interest, nothing to see here.)
        Me: 	(I'm definitely not trying my very hardest to eavesdrop on a conversation I'm not supposed to hear.)
        Me: 	(Definitely nothing suspic--)
        Me: 	(Shit...)
        Narr:	Walking towards you, you notice Emily.
        Me: 	(It looks like she's grimacing...)
        Me: 	(But I can't tell for sure, since she's covering her face.)
        Narr:	Emily spots you from the distance and quickly stops whatever she's doing.
        Me: 	Hi, Emily. What are you up to?
        Emily:	Hey, nothin' much.
        Me: 	Why were you making weird faces a second ago?
        Emily:	I'm just stretching my facial muscles... so I can give you a bigger smile when I see you.
        Me: 	Awww, Emily...
        Emily:	*Laughs* I'm joking!
        Emily:	I'm just sleepy, look... *Yawn*
        Emily:	See?
        Me: 	Mhm, convincing.
        Emily:	And what are you doing here? Aren't you resting after your little adventure?
        Me: 	I couldn't sleep. Too nervous.
        Emily:	I bet.
        Me: 	What do you mean?
        Emily:	Well, you spent the night alone in a forest. That shit be scary.
        Me: 	(If she starts suspecting anything, I won't be able to get her off my back.)
        Me: 	Y-yeah, very... (I'll just roll with it.)
        Me: 	Being alone in that dark forest was pretty nerve-wracking.
        Emily:	I wonder how you managed. I would be scared shitless.
        Me: 	I-uhhh, just kept thinking positive thoughts.
        Me: 	Fear is your worst enemy.
        Emily:	I agree. Better to just let things play out than to panic, right?
        Me: 	Right... (If I want to hear Violet's conversation before it ends, I'll have to get rid of Emily ASAP.)
        Me: 	Anyway, nice talk. I'll be off now.
        Emily:	Where ya' going?
        Me: 	(Fuck... I knew she wouldn't let me off so easily.)
        Me: 	I have to-uhh, check up on something.
        Emily:	Eve gave you chores again, didn't she?
        Emily:	What is it this time?
        Me: 	Umm, there's this-uhh...
        Emily:	Want me to come with you?
        Me: 	No, don't worry. I can handle it.
        Emily:	What? Gonna go fap behind the cabins?
        Me: 	Emily!? WHAT!?
        Emily:	*Chuckle* I'm just kidding. God, you're no fun.
        Me: 	Yeah, I'm such a bore.
        Emily:	Oink.
        Me: 	*Chuckle* But seriously, where did that come from?
        Emily:	I don't know. You seem to be getting along with the girls pretty well.
        Emily:	Better than anyone else, in fact.
        Me: 	Come on, you know I'd never cheat on Jane.
        Emily:	I know, I know, I'm just teasing.
        Emily:	Well, if you don't need my help OR my company, I'll act insulted and be off now.
        Me: 	Alright, see ya later. (Best not try to patch things up later.)
        Me: 	(Otherwise, this conversation will never end.)
        Narr:	Keeping your mouth shut, you just follow Emily with your eyes as she prances away.
        Narr:	Making sure she doesn't get any funny ideas.
        Me: 	Phew. (That was close.)
        Me: 	(Now I just need to...)
        Me: 	Fuck...
        Violet:	Oh, hey, Dennis.
        Me: 	Hi. Hello. Hi.
        Me: 	...
        Me: 	(Great. I took too long, and now I have no idea what they were talking about.)
        Me: 	(Still, I don't think Violet's the type to tie someone down and then suck 'em off in a forest.)
        Me: 	(But it's a rehabilitation camp... You never know, Dennis. You never know...)
        Narr:	Deciding to cut your losses, you continue with your investigation someplace else.
        Me: 	(Bushes? Could I dig one up and use it as cover?)
        Me: 	(Only one way to find out...)
        Narr:	You inconspicuously walk out of their field of vision, looking for an adequate bush to rip out of the ground.
        Me: 	(Not you, not you, not this one...)
        Narr:	Grabbing the bush's stem, you start yanking on it with force.
        Narr:	At first, the bush doesn't budge an inch.
        Narr:	But as you put your back into it, the roots begin tearing and breaking, until...
        Narr:	The bush gets ripped out of the ground and flies off, along with you.
        Me: 	Ooompf... (That's gonna leave a bruise.)
        Me: 	(I was worried I couldn't rip it out, but it seems I'm buff enough.)
        Me: 	(Right, gotta get closer...)
        Narr:	Holding this glorious bush in front of your face, you start crawling your way over to the gazebo.
        Narr:	Within a few seconds, you could already make out their shapes in the distance.
        Me: 	(So far, so good. I feel like an apex predator.)
        Violet:	*Inaudible* That's the point... *inaudible*
        Eve:	Because, *inaudible*
        Me: 	(Shit! Violet's looking my way!)
        Me: 	(Blend in with your environment, Dennis, become the bush!)
        Me: 	*Quietly* I am the bush...
        Narr:	Violet is still looking in your direction, as you try to become one with nature.
        Me: 	(I'm just a boring, little, ol' bush. Nothing interesting.)
        Violet:	I just *inaudible* That's when *inaudible*
        Eve:	*Inaudible* have you *inaudible*
        Me: 	(Damn it! I can barely make out what they're saying.)
        Me: 	(But if I move forward, they'll notice for sure.)
        Eve:	*Inaudible* these spontaneous orgasms.
        Me: 	("SPONTANEOUS ORGASMS"!? Did I hear that correctly? What even are those!?)
        Violet:	Hey, was that bush always there?
        Me: 	(SHIT! I'm a bush, I'm a bush, I'm just a bush...)
        Eve:	Hmm, I wouldn't know.
        Violet:	I could swear it moved, or it wasn't there before.
        Eve:	It's just a bush, Violet.
        Eve:	No one's eavesdropping on our conversation. No need to get paranoid.
        Violet:	*Sigh* You're right. I am being a bit paranoid.
        Me: 	*Pant* (I should move away, slooooowly...)
        Narr:	As you inch away, still holding the bush,
        Violet:	I'm telling you it moved! Look!
        Eve:	Curious...
            Eve:	Curious...
                Me: 	(I need to move away, they'll see me when they get up and walk past!)
                Me: 	(But Violet keeps looking in my direction...)
                Me: 	(I'll just do it veeery...)
                Me: 	(Veeeeeeery...)
                Me: 	(VEEEEE...)
                Violet:	There it is again! It moved!
                Eve:	Oh, for the love of...
                Eve:	Violet, no one's there. Who'd spy on you in the middle of nowhere?
                Eve:	*Sigh* Do I need to add paranoia to the list as well?
                Violet:	I KNEW IT, YOU ASSHOLE!
                Eve:	What the--
                Eve:	Who's that?
                Eve:	Dennis!? What are you doing here?
                Violet:	He was eavesdropping on our conversation!
                Me: 	Please, I can explain...
                Violet:	FUCK YOU!
                Violet:	I COULD JUST...
                Violet:	*Grunts*
                Narr:	With clenched teeth and fists, Violet ran away.
                Narr:	Furious beyond anything you could imagine.
                Narr:	After remembering her campfire story, you count yourself lucky for not ending up in a hospital.
                Eve:	Are you stupid!? What the hell were you thinking!?
                Me: 	Really, I can explain...
                Eve:	You don't get it, do you?
                Eve:	Stuff like this goes to court, Dennis! She could ruin us if she decided to do so!
                Me: 	Shit...
                Eve:	"Shit" encompasses our situation very well...
                Eve:	*Sigh* Fuck...
                Me: 	I'm sorry, I'll...
                Eve:	You'll go find her and apologize!
                Me: 	I don't think she wants to talk to me.
                Eve:	I don't fucking care!
                Eve:	You'll beg for her forgiveness if you have to, do you understand me?
                Me: 	Yes, ma'am.
                Eve:	We'll talk more later, now GO!
                Me: 	I'm sorry, I'll make it up to you.
                Eve:	I don't need your apology, Violet does.
                Me: 	I...
                Eve:	GO!
                Narr:	Not knowing what else to do, you rush after Violet.
                Me: 	(Damn you, Violet. You and your athletic legs.)
                Me: 	(I already lost sight of her. I'll have to find her.)
                Me: 	(God, I just hope she hasn't left the premises.)
                Me: 	(I shouldn't move, they'll see me.)
                Me: 	(Violet seems jumpy. She keeps looking in my direction.)
                Me: 	(I'll just make myself as small as possible.)
                Me: 	(Be the bush, Dennis, be the bush...)
                Narr:	For a few more minutes, you focus on not moving a muscle.
                Narr:	Keeping your ears peeled for any interesting snippets.
                Narr:	Though, in that brief time, they haven't said anything of value.
                Narr:	Not even a hint.
                Eve:	*Inaudible* done for today.
                Me: 	(They're done. Oh God, I hope they don't see me.)
                Narr:	Violet and Eve are still talking as they move away from the gazebo.
                Narr:	Caught up in their conversation, they don't notice you hiding behind the bush.
                Narr:	Even though you saw Violet casting a short, yet suspicious look at this awkward bush.
                Me: 	(I can't believe they didn't see me!)
                Me: 	(There must be some higher power at work if I'm getting this lucky...)
                Me: 	(Something bigger than all of us...)
                Me: 	(A grand purpose...)
                Me: 	(A...)
                Me: 	(Eve just dropped something...)
                Me: 	(And, by the looks of it, neither of them have noticed.)
                Me: 	(I should check it out, quickly.)
                Narr:	Still holding onto the bush for dear life, not wanting to break cover...
                Narr:	You scurry towards the dropped item.
                Narr:	There is subterfuge...
                Narr:	There is subtlety...
                Narr:	There is also "plain-right-stupid-behavior"...
                Narr:	But, we all work with what we've got.
                Me: 	(Looks like Eve's notes on Violet.)
                Me: 	(I wonder what they say...)
                Narr:	As you start reading, a few things stand out.
                Me: 	(Height, weight, date of birth...)
                Me: 	(Looks like Eve's notes on Violet. Though, it's mostly just short sentences and some colloquial stuff...)
                Me: 	("Spontaneous reaction," "unable to control," "deeply embedded"...)
                Me: 	(Bah, what does this even mean!?)
                Me: 	(This has nothing to do with sex, or what happened to me this morning, whatsoever.)
                Me: 	(Now I'm just more confused than before...)
                Me: 	*Sigh* (I knew Violet probably wasn't the one. What a waste of time.)
                Me: 	...
                Me: 	(But what am I going to do with this paper?)
                Me: 	(I'd feel bad if someone got their hands on it without permission.)
                Narr:	*Wind whistling*
                Me: 	Yeah...
                    Me: 	Yeah...
Me: 	(I should just keep this safe, for now.)
Me: 	(Maybe I'll find some use for it later.)
Me: 	(This is too great a secret for a mortal man to wield...)
Me: 	(Not to mention, a total dick move reading someone else's private diagnosis.)
Me: 	(I should just destroy this, make it disappear.)
Me: 	*Sigh* (It's probably for the best...)
Narr:	You crumple up the paper in your hands, turning it into a ball...
Me: 	(I was never a fan of littering, but...)
Narr:	...and chuck it into the lake.
Narr:	It lands on the lake's surface, barely making a "plop."
Me: 	(This'll have to do...)
Me: 	(The water should be able to dissolve the paper.)
Me: 	(I still need to find Stacy and Naomi.)
Me: 	(It's going to be a miracle if no one catches me while I'm performing the ancient art of eavesdropping.)
Narr:	Leaving the lake to do its work, you continue your investigation.
Narr:	Feeling guilty after seeing the face of the one behind it, you kinda wish it did.
Violet:	"GOOD REASONS"!?
Violet:	So I get caught in the crossfire because you have "GOOD REASONS"!?
Me: 	It's really important and there was no other way...
Me: 	I'm sorry I dragged you into this, it wasn't my intention... I'm sorry.
Violet:	*Sigh* When I think about what your idea of a "master plan" was...
Violet:	It's so embarrassing I can't really stay mad at you.
Violet:	My problems are less embarr--
Narr:	Violet goes quiet, her eyes shooting daggers in your direction, before she speaks up again.
Violet:	What exactly did you hear?
Me: 	What do you mean?
Violet:	What do you know about me!? What did you find out about me?! What did you HEAR?!
Me: 	I-uhh... Umm... (What should I do? Should I tell her the truth or lie...)
Violet:	For your own sake, you better not lie to me.
Me: 	*Whimper* (She's not fucking around, she'll annihilate me.)
Me: 	I-uhh, heard some things...
Violet:	WHAT "THINGS"!?
Me: 	Nothing much really...
Me: 	I think Eve asked you if you had someone special, I think you mentioned you did, but I don't know who...
Narr:	After hearing your words, you notice Violet turning a bit soft.
Violet:	Oh, yeah... Okay.
Me: 	There was also something about... "spontaneous orgasms."
Narr:	But that softness didn't last long.
Me: 	(Help?)
Narr:	With a piercing glare, Violet grabs you by the arm and pulls you inside the shower cabin.
Narr:	Slamming the door shut and locking you both in.
Violet:	What did you hear about that!?
Me: 	Nothing! Just "spontaneous orgasm," I swear!
Violet:	Hmm...
Me: 	Is that the reason you're here?
Me: 	Because you get random orgasms?
Violet:	Why I'm here is none... and I mean NONE, of your business!
Me: 	You're right, I'm... (She's right, I shouldn't bother her about it anymore.)
Violet:	But if you must know, yes, I get those...
Violet:	"Spontaneous orgasms," as Dr. Eve called them...
Me: 	(Wow, she actually spilled it right away!)
Me: 	So-uhh, why do they happen?
Me: 	Is it something physical or mental?
Violet:	Wouldn't you like to know...
Me: 	(Actually, after hearing all of this, I'm dying to find out.)
Me: 	Sorry, I'll drop it.
Violet:	You still owe me an explanation. Why were you eavesdropping?
Me: 	Maybe it's best if you don't know.
Narr:	Violet's look says it all...
Narr:	You are either going to tell her what she wants to hear...
Narr:	Or you are going to die. Right here. On this spot. In a shower cabin.
Me: 	I don't really have a choice, do I?
Violet:	No.
Me: 	*Sigh* I really didn't want to tell this to anyone who wasn't involved, but...
Me: 	Last night, after the campfire stories...
Violet:	You got lost.
Me: 	How did you know?
Violet:	You're not the only one with eyes and ears around here.
Me: 	Have you heard the rest?
Violet:	No, that's about all I know.
Me: 	After I went to gather firewood, I heard some weird sounds...
Me: 	And, having Naomi's horror story fresh in my mind didn't help...
Violet:	What happened?
Me: 	I heard some sounds and panicked. Started running.
Me: 	I ran towards camp, I think, but it was so dark and I 'kinda'...
Me: 	Hit a tree and knocked myself out.
Violet:	*Laughs* Oh God, seriously?
Violet:	I don't know which is more embarrassing.
Violet:	This, or your spying attempt.
Me: 	*Cough* Anyway... Once I finally woke up, I found myself tied to a tree with a blindfold on.
Violet:	What!? You're joking...
Me: 	Nope.
Violet:	Who'd do a thing like that?
Me: 	That's what I'm trying to figure out.
Violet:	What happened then? How did you get free?
Me: 	Well, here comes the funny part...
Me: 	I heard footsteps, rustling of leaves, and then someone placed their hand on me.
Violet:	Please don't tell me it was Hector...
Me: 	For some reason I also thought it'd be Hector...
Me: 	But they giggled, it was a girl or a woman, I couldn't tell...
Me: 	And they kinda...
Violet:	Kinda what?
Me: 	Ummm...
Violet:	SPILL IT!
Me: 	SOMEONE SUCKED MY DICK! HAPPY!?
Violet:	What?
Me: 	I got one of the best blowjobs while being blindfolded and tied to a tree.
Violet:	Wow, umm, okay... That's...
Me: 	I know... But tying me to a tree part was an overkill.
Me: 	I got out as they loosened the rope but they were already gone.
Me: 	And I've been spending the whole morning looking, and listening, for clues.
Violet:	So you were trying to find out if it was one of us who did it.
Violet:	Do you have any suspects?
Me: 	My guess is that it was Naomi or Belle, but I am not sure yet...
Violet:	Why?
Me: 	You don't want to know, trust me.
Me: 	Stacy's a wildcard, anything goes with her, and you...
Me: 	Well, I thought you probably weren't the one, but I had to be sure.
Violet:	Of course I wasn't, I'd never do something like that.
Me: 	I know, you're too shy, not the type of person who'll be that assertive or dominating...
Me: 	You'd have to have balls of steel to pull a stunt like that.
Violet:	You think I don't have balls?
Me: 	Uhh-I hope not.
Violet:	You think I can't be assertive?
Me: 	I feel like whatever I say next will end up backfiring.
Narr:	For a moment, Violet seems to be deep in thought.
Narr:	She looks back at you and speaks up.
Violet:	Take it out.
Me: 	Take what out?
Violet:	Your... thing...
Me: 	I don't understand.
Violet:	Your dick! Take your dick out!
Me: 	Wh-WHAT!?
Violet:	You heard me.
Me: 	I-I was just joking, you're very assertive, I misjudged you, I'm sorry.
Violet:	If you're really sorry, you'll take it out.
Me: 	Violet, I don't know what you're planning, but I have someone back at college. I can't.
Violet:	Sure you can...
Violet:	You invaded my private life without my permission.
Violet:	And now I'm going to invade yours.
Violet:	It's only fair.
Me: 	No, I'm not...
Narr:	Violet grabs you by the collar and slams you into the shower's wooden wall.
Violet:	Take it out, or I will.
Narr:	Gripped by fear, and unable to fight back, you oblige her demand.
Violet:	Damn, you're big...
Me: 	Happy? Can I put it back now?
Violet:	(It looks so alluring...)
Violet:	(I feel like everyone got a little piece of Dennis except me...)
Violet:	(He sucked on Naomi's tit and someone sucked him off...)
Violet:	(Oh God, what do I do?)
Violet:	(I don't want to let him go, not like this...)
Violet:	(Not when I can have him like this...)
Me: 	Uhh, hello? Violet? Can I put it back?
Violet:	Umm, no?
Violet:	We're just getting started...
Me: 	What!?
Narr:	Violet's hands start gliding down your chest.
Violet:	You said you don't want to cheat on your girlfriend, right?
Me: 	Duh?
Violet:	But you still owe me!
Me: 	Then we're in quite a predicament...
Me: 	There's no way I'll do this, and you want... "things"...
Narr:	Violet looks a bit confused.
Narr:	She was obviously expecting you to follow her every whim, but it doesn't happen.
Violet:	Uhhh... (I don't know what to do, I went in without a plan.)
Me: 	(She has no idea what she's doing, does she?)
Violet:	Okay, I got it!
Me: 	Surprise me...
Violet:	Would you touch yourself in front of me?
Me: 	What!? I told you...
Violet:	It's just looking, no touching whatsoever. How's that cheating?
Me: 	Tomato, potato...
Violet:	You owe me!
Violet:	And if you do it I won't pressure you again.
Me: 	For fuck's sake, why do I keep getting myself into these sexual predicaments?
Violet:	Hey! This is your fault!
Violet:	You're the one who decided to spy on me...
Me: 	Yeah, but that was for other reasons...
Violet:	I'll sue this camp if you don't do it.
    Me: 	Fuck my life...
    Me: 	*Sigh* Hope you'll enjoy yourself.
    Me: 	Fuck my life...
    Me: 	*Sigh* Hope you'll enjoy yourself.
Narr:	With your dick still out, Violet moves back and leans onto the wall opposite of you.
Narr:	And slowly start stroking it.
Narr:	Violet's focus is immediately drawn to what you're doing.
Narr:	Making her extremely quiet in a split second.
Me: 	(What the hell am I doing? This is... I don't even know how to feel about this.)
Me: 	(On the other hand, Violet's pretty hot, and standing right in front of me.)
Me: 	(Might as well jerk off while looking at those sexy tits of hers.)
Violet:	You're big, but you still look soft...
Violet:	Can't you get in the mood?
Me: 	It's kind of hard to enjoy it when I'm almost being held at gunpoint to jerk off.
Violet:	Can I help?
Me: 	How? We said no touching.
Violet:	Well, umm, maybe I could give you something to, you know...
Violet:	Look at?
Me: 	What did you have in mind. (Is she offering to strip!?)
Violet:	I-uhh... Oh, God, what am I thinking.
Me: 	What is it?
Violet:	*Inhales*
Violet:	What if I showed you my boobs?
Me: 	I meeean... (I knew it!)
Me: 	It would definitely help... If you don't mind. (She's forcing herself to do this.)
Violet:	I don't, I guess... I don't know. (I feel too shy to show him.)
Violet:	(But I really want this to go further...)
Me: 	(She's pretty cute when she's flustered.)
Me: 	Don't force yourself. (Unlike how you forced me...)
Violet:	No, it's okay. I can do this.
Narr:	Violet tries to find some courage before she starts stripping.
Narr:	She takes another deep breath, shyly raising her hands to her chest.
Violet:	I hope you'll like them...
Narr:	You freeze in place, as Violet takes off her top.
Narr:	Revealing her beautiful pair of tits.
Narr:	Her juicy looking, knock-you-off-your-feet, pair of tits.
Violet:	Don't just sit there in silence, you're making me feel unwanted.
Me: 	What!? Violet, are you hearing yourself? (Where's this girl's self-confidence?)
Violet:	You don't have to pretend...
Me: 	Stop covering yourself!
Me: 	Violet, haven't you seen yourself? You're a bombshell!
Me: 	You're fit and beautiful...
Violet:	Really?
Me: 	Really, really!
Me: 	Not to mention, those killer tits of yours.
Violet:	 You mean it?
Me: 	Most women would turn green with envy after seeing a pair like that, trust me.
Me: 	Also, if you haven't noticed...
Violet:	Oh wow... You're up...
Me: 	That's all because of you.
Narr:	Violet looks deeply into your eyes with admiration and want.
Narr:	Before shyly turning her head away.
Violet:	W-Why don't you continue?
Me: 	How can I say no to that?
Violet:	*Giggle*
Narr:	Along with picking up the pace, the more you continue, the harder you get.
Narr:	Violet's half naked body served well to get your blood pumping.
Narr:	Looking at her, you see she's still hypnotically staring at your length.
Narr:	Her breath deepening.
Narr:	Then, seemingly unaware, Violet's hand reaches for her breast.
Me: 	(Seems like Violet's enjoying herself as well.)
Me: 	(Loosening up a bit.)
Me: 	(And, she looks so fucking hot, standing there like that.)
Me: 	(Maybe I should relax more, as well. We've come this far, haven't we?)
Me: 	(She also likes what she sees.)
Violet:	*Chuckle* Naomi's gonna be so jealous.
Me: 	You're not gonna tell her, are you?
Me: 	Are you!?
Narr:	Violet just looks back up at you, biting her lip.
Narr:	She picks up the pace, making it impossible to think straight.
Me: 	(My eyes are having a hard time believing what they're seeing.)
Narr:	Things get more passionate as you continue watching Violet touch her breast.
Narr:	You can't stop thinking how sexy Violet looks, and she clearly can't stop thinking the same about you.
Narr:	You watch as her other hand slowly slides into her pants.
Me: 	Damn, Violet... are you into this as much as I am?
Violet:	Hey... Just keep focusing on what you need to do to make it up to me.
Me: 	Of course. I want us both to leave this shower cabin feeling... good.
Violet:	Do you really care about me like that?
Me: 	I mean, you're a sweet girl... Who wouldn't like you, Violet?
Violet:	(This is all so wrong... he’s seeing someone. Why am I making him... do this?)
Me: 	(Violet looks distracted... like she's mulling something over in her head.)
    Me: 	(I should say something to get Violet's attention.)
Me: 	(Wait a second... what was it that Eve said earlier? "A clap...")
Me: 	(Could clapping be the trigger for her spontaneous orgasms? Hmm...)
Me: 	(Maybe she'd enjoy this more if I clapped?)
    Me: 	(Maybe she'd enjoy this more if I clapped?)
        Me: 	Violet, you're so goddamn hot...
        Me: 	I think I know a secret of yours that would make this even hotter...
        Violet:	Wh-What the hell are you talking about?
        Violet:	(Wait, he couldn't be thinking of...)
        Violet:	Oh my g-g-g-GOD! AAAAHH!
        Narr:	Just as you clap your hands, you see Violet's expression turn to that of extreme pleasure...
        Narr:	and then slight discomfort.
        Violet:	WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU?!
        Narr:	A split second later, as you're lowering your hands after clapping... 
        Narr:	Violet SMACKS you across the face so hard you fall straight on your ass outside the shower cabin.
        Violet:	YOU ASSHOLE! Not only did you spy on me, but you also used my biggest secret against me?!
        Violet:	If you speak about this to ANYONE, and I mean ANYONE, I will sue this camp into bankruptcy!
        Violet:	Do you hear me, you asshole?!
        Me: 	Y-Yes... I'm so sorry...
        Violet:	NOW GET THE FUCK AWAY FROM ME!
        Violet:	(Oh my god, I'm so embarrassed I could die...)
        Narr:	You sit there shocked for a moment, with your ass in the dirt.
        Narr:	Quickly, you scramble to pull up your pants and leave Violet alone.
        Me: 	(Oh shit... I fucked up big time... Violet will NEVER forgive me for this!)
        Me: 	Violet, you're so goddamn hot...
        Violet:	Should you really be saying that? You have a girlfriend, Dennis...
        Me: 	She's not really... (As wrong as this whole situation is, it somehow feels... pleasant?)
        Narr:	Clearly conflicted about the situation, Violet takes her hand off her breast and out of her pants.
        Violet:	Dennis... I think that's enough. You've made it up to me the best you could.
        Me: 	Really? Thanks, Violet...
        Violet:	I'm really sorry, again.
        Me: 	I shouldn't have spied on you, and violated your privacy like that...
        Violet:	It's okay... I understand the "circumstances."
        Violet:	Next time try to ask like a normal person instead of spying on people.
        Me: 	So, no hard feelings?
        Violet:	*Giggles* Well, other than you a few seconds ago? No. No hard feelings.
        Me: 	(Violet really is something. And, she's got a great sense of humor. Heh.)
Me: 	(There's Stacy. She has trouble differentiating what's important from what's not...)
Me: 	(Maybe I should ask her a question or two, and she'll spill some juicy info.)
Me: 	May the Charred Kings guide your way, Stacy. (I need to find the right questions to ask if I expect to figure anything out.)
Stacy:	Dennis... Flames at your step.
Me: 	Did you sleep well? What's up? (Maybe she's annoyed because she didn't get enough sleep...)
Stacy:	Excellent, in fact.
Stacy:	It's unexpectedly soothing, sleeping in a wooden cabin.
Me: 	Mhm, I bet. (I bet you're dreaming of burning the whole place down - with us in it.)
Me: 	(But it doesn't sound like she's lying.)
Me: 	(She doesn't even seem capable of lying...)
Me: 	(Maybe it's because of what happened in the morning between her and Belle?)
    Me: 	(Should I mention it?)
        Stacy:	Something on your mind?
        Me: 	(Fuck it, it's Stacy I'm talking to, after all...)
        Me: 	So-umm, you seem annoyed.
        Stacy:	I am annoyed.
        Me: 	Got anything to do with Belle, and the thing in the morning?
        Stacy:	Very observant.
        Me: 	Thank you.
        Stacy:	But, you just admitted you were spying on us.
        Me: 	Damn... I thought both of you saw me.
        Stacy:	I wasn't sure if Belle was just joking with me...
        Stacy:	But now, I know she wasn't.
        Me: 	(Maybe not...)
        Me: 	(There's nothing to gain by admitting I spied on them.)
        Me: 	(Not to mention, Stacy's a bit unpredictable, from what I can tell.)
        Me: 	(She might take it the wrong way if I mention anything.)
        Stacy:	So, you were spying on us this morning, right?
        Me: 	*Cough* N-What? (Get out of my damn head!)
        Stacy:	Belle said she saw you.
        Me: 	She must have been mistaken... (I'll just weasel my way out of this.)
        Stacy:	Belle wouldn't lie about that.
        Me: 	Belle likes to stir things up. Truth or lie, it doesn't matter.
        Stacy:	Takes one to know one...
        Stacy:	You're obviously very "good" with lies yourself.
        Me: 	(Who the hell is this chick!? Is she psychic!?)
        Me: 	So-uhh, what are you doing today?
        Stacy:	The others said I need to have a conversation with Dr. Eve.
        Stacy:	Though, I fail to see how talking's supposed to make a difference.
        Me: 	The talks can help, you know...
        Me: 	To open up, analyze your emotions, become better...
        Stacy:	I'm fine the way I am...
        Stacy:	And talk is cheap.
        Stacy:	Articulated grunts projected into empty space... How meaningless.
        Me: 	That's a bit harsh, isn't it? (She sure knows her metaphors.)
        Stacy:	Not from where I'm standing.
        Me: 	Did something happen? You sound nervous.
        Stacy:	You tell me. 
        Me: 	What do you mean?
        Stacy:	What did you do this morning? See anything nice?
        Me: 	Well... 
        Stacy:	When Belle told me she saw you, I didn't believe her.
        Stacy:	But, she caught you red-handed. 
Me: 	Yeah, I was there... Are you mad at me?
Stacy:	Why would I be mad?
Me: 	Uhhhhhh...
Me: 	Because I was spying on you?
Stacy:	I don't think that's why you were really there...
Stacy:	I think that after you found your way back to camp...
Stacy:	You wanted to get help, but you probably stumbled in on us by accident.
Stacy:	And realistically speaking, I would have stayed and watched too, if our roles were reversed.
Stacy:	I can't deny that. It was a pretty sexy scene...
Me: 	(Stacy's a better detective than I am...)
    Me: 	(Should I tell her what happened last night? Maybe she knows something about it...)
        Me: 	(There'll be repercussions if I tell her, I can just feel it.)
        Me: 	(But I haven't found any evidence whatsoever, and who knows if I'll find any at this rate!)
        Me: 	So, umm, Stacy... (Might as well...)
        Stacy:	Yes?
        Me: 	There's something I wanted to ask you, but it's a bit awkward.
        Stacy:	There is no taboo under the burning eyes of H.P.L.
        Me: 	Good, because I was wondering if you gave me a blowjob this morning?
        Narr:	Stacy stays silent, looking you deeply in the eyes without changing her expression.
        Narr:	Before lifting an eyebrow and tilting her head.
        Stacy:	What?
        Me: 	(It wasn't her, she'd probably just admit it if it was her.)
        Me: 	I woke up in the forest, tied to a tree with a blindfold on.
        Me: 	Someone came up to me and...
        Stacy:	Sucked your dick?
        Me: 	*Cough* Exactly.
        Stacy:	That does sound familiar, but it had nothing to do with this camp.
        Me: 	(My God! Girl, what's going on in that cult of yours!?)
        Stacy:	And how do you feel about it?
        Me: 	Well, it was very pleasurable, and memorable. But being tied up...
        Stacy:	Did you try fighting back?
        Me: 	Umm, well my mind was at a different place. (Didn’t feel like fighting against what was happening when it started... happening.)
        Stacy:	So you didn't fight back? It was consensual?
        Me: 	I would lie if I said I didn’t enjoy the ride even though I was tied to a damn tree!
        Stacy:	So you got hard, you didn't scream or kick or do anything to stop them.
        Me: 	Well...no. (One could say the fight was sucked out of me).
        Stacy:	So why bother finding out who it was? Want another BJ?
        Me: 	NO, I just... (Fuck... She might be right...)
        Me: 	I need to find out who it was. I'm losing my mind.
        Stacy:	Have you asked the others?
        Me: 	No, I can't trust them.
        Stacy:	Do you trust me?
        Me: 	I don't know, you're... Well, you.
        Me: 	But, I find it hard to believe you'd do something like that, let alone try to hide it after.
        Stacy:	That much is true. I see no reason to hide.
        Me: 	Point made.
        Me: 	I doubt it was Violet, she's just not the type...
        Stacy:	Belle and I went to bed around the same time and I woke up before her.
        Stacy:	I don't think she would be able to sneak out of the cabin without making a lot of noise.
        Stacy:	The floorboards creak like crazy.
        Stacy:	I'm hyper-aware, you know?
        Me: 	Obviously...
        Stacy:	Got any other clues?
        Me: 	She also mentioned she "missed having dick in her mouth."
        Me: 	Which sounds like the opposite of what I'd expect her to say after sucking my dick.
        Me: 	*Sigh* Fuck... I was so sure it was Belle.
        Stacy:	That only leaves Naomi.
        Me: 	Should have known...
        Me: 	I'll give her a piece of my mind when I see her.
        Stacy:	Be gentle... Naomi's a good girl, she just doesn't know how to show it.
        Me: 	(She's a manipulative witch, as far as I can tell.)
        Me: 	Oh, there's one more thing I wanted to ask you...
        Me: 	(Fuck that. It'll just cause more problems.)
        Me: 	(And, by the looks of it, Stacy doesn't need more stuff on her mind.)
        Me: 	(Don't need help if I can figure everything out myself.)
        Me: 	I have to admit, it WAS pretty hot... (She basically hit the nail on the head with that observation... Although, the motivation is a bit different...)
        Stacy:	Thank you.
Me: 	You seem troubled, did something happen after Belle?
Stacy:	Nothing happened, that's the problem.
Stacy:	Belle was so on edge the moment she got up.
Stacy:	Started screaming for someone to fuck her... Literally.
Me: 	That does sound like Belle (And extremely annoying.)
Stacy:	So I tried helping her by doing...
Me: 	Tantric breathing exercises?
Stacy:	You were definitely paying attention...
Me: 	Ummm... (One of these days I'll sew my mouth shut...)
Stacy:	It's okay, I don't mind.
Stacy:	Curiosity is a strong motivator.
Stacy:	Anyway, she was having trouble using her body like that, so I tried encouraging her a bit.
Me: 	But it didn't help?
Stacy:	No, it did the opposite!
Stacy:	She became so... Hungry...
Me: 	And then the dildos started appearing?
Stacy:	*Sigh* And then the dildos started appearing...
Stacy:	I usually pride myself on how well I can control my urges...
Stacy:	But now, because of her and all that kinky stuff...
Me: 	Got your juices flowing?
Stacy:	Flowing is an understatement!
Stacy:	I can't stop thinking about it, about her! I can't control my mind, it's horrible...
Me: 	(This is what happens when she has no control over her mind!?)
Me: 	Why didn't you... You know... Borrow one?
Stacy:	It's not enough!
Me: 	One dildo's not enough?
Stacy:	Not that! I can pleasure myself, if need be, without one.
Me: 	So what's the problem?
Stacy:	The problem is that Belle just put her clothes back on and left.
Me: 	Well, you helped her, and nobly, I might add.
Me: 	What else is there to do?
Stacy:	Return the favor?
Me: 	Oh...
Stacy:	Dennis, I feel bad... I wasn't using the dildo on her...
Stacy:	She was using me as hers!
Stacy:	After she was done, she left me there, longing...
Stacy:	It didn't even cross her mind that I might enjoy her touch as well.
Me: 	(Wow, what a plot-twist...)
Me: 	So you need a bit of attention, that's normal.
Me: 	Why not just tell her how you feel? (Is this really smart advice?)
Me: 	(Encouraging sex between patients?)
Stacy:	I need these thoughts to stop. I can't think straight.
Me: 	It'll pass.
Stacy:	Not at this rate, it won't!
Me: 	(She's really upset, I feel bad for her...)
Me: 	(But it's not like I'll fuck her just for her to feel better.)
Stacy:	Will you help me?
Me: 	W-what!? How?
Stacy:	Do we really need to have the birds and bees talk now?
Stacy:	Have sex with me, or something...
Me: 	*Choke* (Not beating around the bush, huh?)
        Me: 	*Choke* (Not beating around the bush, huh?)
        Me: 	*Choke* (Not beating around the bush, huh?)
Me: 	(I feel bad for her. Can't just leave her like this...)
Me: 	(Maybe I can help her in a way that doesn't involve cheating...)
Me: 	I mean, I'd love to help, but I can't have sex with you...
Stacy:	I know you're worried about your relationship with your girlfriend.
Stacy:	You keep bringing it up all the time.
Stacy:	But it's not cheating if you're helping a patient, right?
Me: 	Yeah, that won't happen... (Maybe it'll be enough if I just watch or something...)
Stacy:	Fine, can we at least go somewhere private?
Me: 	*Sigh* I guess we should find a secluded space.
Narr:	Stacy and Dennis went out looking for a secluded space, and they finally found one.
Stacy:	Can you sit down here?
Me: 	Umm, okay... (What is she up to now?)
Me: 	Like this?
Stacy:	Perfect.
Me: 	W-Wait! What are you doing!?
Stacy:	What does it look like I'm doing?
Stacy:	I need to get this off of me, it's in the way.
Narr:	Stacy approaches you...
Narr:	...turns, almost pressing her ass into your face...
Narr:	...then swiftly twirls around, smiling devilishly.
Narr:	Then, she pulls you by the arm and lifts you off the sofa.
Me: 	H-Hey! I thought we had a deal.
Stacy:	You're the one who wanted to help while not having sex in the process.
Stacy:	This is the best I can do.
Narr:	Stacy pushes you up against the wall.
Stacy:	The bare minimum I'm willing to settle for.
Me: 	*Sigh* So, what now?
Stacy:	Now I can enjoy myself...
Stacy:	*Sniff* And you.
Me: 	*Cough* Right... (What did I get myself into again!?)
Stacy:	You smell nice... and you feel nice. You should relax with me.
Stacy:	It'll work better if you enjoy yourself too.
Me: 	(Can't deny she's making me rock-hard like this.)
Me: 	(She feels and smells nice, too...)
Me: 	(But no, I can't. I can't!)
Me: 	Just get it over with. We don't have much time before someone starts suspecting something.
Stacy:	*Sigh* At least caress or hold me.
Stacy:	Like this.
Narr:	Stacy grabs your arms and wraps herself in them.
Stacy:	Mmm, the feel of strong arms around me...
Stacy:	You're so masculine.
Narr:	As you hold her in your arms, Stacy's hand slides down her belly...
Narr:	Until it reaches the burning mound between her legs.
Stacy:	I'll start now, if you don't mind.
Me: 	Go ahead... (It's not like I have a lot of options.)
Narr:	With delicate fingers, Stacy began caressing the top of her vulva.
Narr:	Even though you can only see a little bit of the action, it's more than enough to get your blood flowing.
Stacy:	Mmmm... Thank you for being here with me.
Me: 	Y-Yeah, no problem... (Man, this is so awkward, but so damn hot...)
Me: 	(It's fine, though. I just need to make sure it doesn't get out of hand.)
Stacy:	*Pant* You can touch me more, if you want...
Me: 	This is already pushing it...
Stacy:	Don't be shy. Here...
Narr:	She places your hand onto her left tit and presses it firmly against it.
Stacy:	Mmm... Yeah... That's it...
Me: 	(Damn, she's not just letting me grope her tits, she WANTS me to grope her tits...)
Me: 	(Can't say I'm not enjoying the feel of her boobs in my hands.)
Me: 	(Everyone needs a bit of tenderness and care, right?)
Me: 	(She...)
Me: 	(She's a human being, after all, right?)
Stacy:	Ahh... You're so warm... It feels nice.
Stacy:	And your hands... *Pant* Your hands are kind.
Narr:	Pressed firmly onto you, Stacy's body heat traveled and intertwined with yours.
Narr:	Deepening your breath, dilating your pupils, and emptying your mind.
Narr:	This sensitive girl who felt nervous and lost minutes ago is now being comforted by your embrace.
Narr:	She needs your help, your warmth and your love.
Stacy:	Touch me, Dennis... *Pant* Touch me more...
Me: 	I... (I shouldn't, but seeing her like this... In my arms...)
Stacy:	You're just helping me out, right?
Me: 	Right...
Stacy:	Please, Dennis. I wouldn't ask if I didn't really need it...
Stacy:	I just... I just can't stop thinking about Belle!
Me: 	(Seriously, she's still thinking about Belle?)
Me: 	Stacy?
Stacy:	*Pant* Yes, ahhh... Dennis?
Me: 	Do you have feelings for Belle?
Stacy:	I-I don't know... *Pant* I feel... something.
Stacy:	And visions of her keep dancing in my head...
Me: 	Maybe you should tell her. (Does she actually have a crush on Belle!?)
Stacy:	Perhaps, ahhhh... But right now, I just want to think of her...
Stacy:	And be with you...
Me: 	Then fantasize about her... Her breasts, her waist... (This is so weird on so many levels...)
Stacy:	Yes... *Moan* Tell me mooore...
Me: 	Her lips on your skin, her tongue...
Me: 	Down there...
Stacy:	Yes, yes... Belle... Dennis... Harder...
Narr:	Wanting to help Stacy, you got pulled into her world.
Narr:	A world where only this moment exists.
Narr:	And after hearing her plea, you want to give her as much as you can.
Narr:	You want to give her release.
Narr:	Stacy turning to you, face to face.
Stacy:	I want our moment to flare up...
Stacy:	*Moan* Ahhh... Yes... Put them inside...
Me: 	(God, she's scorching hot. My fingers will get burned.)
Me: 	(She'd feel amazing around my cock if I could have sex with her...)
Stacy:	*Pant* Belle... Fuck me... Fuck me...
Me: 	(Man, I'm losing my mind over here...)
Stacy:	I'm so close... Keep going...
Stacy:	Harder... Harder... Make me cum...
Stacy:	Oh, fuck... Belle... Help me...
Me: 	Huh?
Stacy:	H.P.L., oh god! Heavenly!
Narr:	At that moment, you hear the office window opening.
Me: 	Not so loud, someone will hear us. (Are you kidding me!? Someone's in the office!)
Stacy:	Phoenix!
Eve:	What the fuck...
Me: 	(Shit, it's Eve! I need her to stop screaming!)
Stacy:	LO...
Me: 	Quiet!
Stacy:	*Muffled scream*!!!
Eve:	Hello? Is someone there?
Narr:	Luckily, before Stacy could scream out the name of her god, you held her mouth shut.
Narr:	Shivering with eyes closed, she screams in pleasure.
Narr:	Her voice withheld by the palm of your hand.
Narr:	You are also having a religious experience...
Narr:	Praying you don't get caught.
Eve:	Must be losing my mind.
Narr:	Hearing Eve's comment and the sound of closing windows, the nervous terror you felt slowly starts to dissipate.
Me: 	(This was too fucking close for comfort, TOO CLOSE!)
Me: 	(I guess I should just count myself lucky...)
Stacy:	*Mumbles*
Me: 	Can I let go now?
Stacy:	*Pant*
Me: 	Are you gonna stay quiet?
Stacy:	*Muffled* Mhm...
Stacy:	*Gasp* Flame and embers... I really needed this...
Me: 	Yeah, I could tell. (I need to get out of here, ASAP!)
Stacy:	Dennis... *Pant* Thank you...
Stacy:	*Smooch*
Stacy:	I'll make it up to you, I promise.
Me: 	Yeah... No biggie...
Stacy:	This was very productive. We even found out where Eve is.
Me: 	(She has a really cute ass...)
Stacy:	You should definitely consider joining The Puncturing Flame.
Stacy:	We welcome helping hands with open arms.
Me: 	*Chuckle* I'll keep an open mind. (I guess, in the end, it was worth it.)
Me: 	(Stacy's back to her old self...)
Me: 	(I got to "help" her...)
Me: 	*Sigh*(And now I have another item in my "THINGS-JANE-MUST-NEVER-FIND-OUT-ABOUT" collection...)
Me: 	(Fuck my life...)
Stacy:	You're worried you did something wrong...
Me: 	Haven't I?
Stacy:	I don't think so.
Stacy:	I felt really lost and anxious, but then you came along and made me better.
Me: 	But it's not fair to Jane, it just isn't!
Stacy:	Perhaps you don't need her, or to put it differently, she shouldn't be a ball and chain to your character.
Stacy:	If you can help, you should help. Because you're nice.
Me: 	And good at it?
Stacy:	*Chuckle* You're pretty good at it.
Me: 	Now that we know where Eve's at...
Me: 	You should go see her.
Stacy:	I will. Later, Dennis.
Me: 	(Another poor soul helped...)
Me: 	(Another good deed done...)
Me: 	(I even figured out that Naomi's the mysterious "Forest Sucker.")
Me: 	(But other than rumors and deduction, I have zero hard evidence.)
Me: 	(I already eavesdropped on Belle and Violet, maybe I should listen to what Stacy has to say.)
Me: 	Forget it, that's not gonna happen.
Stacy:	Some help you are...
Narr:	Not only annoyed, but also insulted, Stacy leaves.
Me: 	(This morning's activities really wound Stacy up...)
Me: 	(But I can't worry about that right now, I have to get back to the investigation...)
Me: 	(I'm almost certain that Naomi's the mystery "Forest Sucker".)
Me: 	(But other than rumors and deduction, I have zero hard evidence.)
Me: 	(I already eavesdropped on Belle and Violet, maybe I should listen to what Stacy has to say.)
Me: 	(What if I gave her something to make her feel better?)
Me: 	Say, Stacy...
Me: 	What If I gave you something to burn? Would that make you happy?
Narr:	Hearing your hot offer, you could swear you saw a flame flickering in Stacy's eyes.
Me: 	(Look at her, she's so cute. Like a kid being given their favorite toy.)
Stacy:	What is your offering?
Me: 	This piece of paper.
Stacy:	Paper? You think a piece of paper will do the trick?
Me: 	It's not just any ol' piece of paper.
Me: 	This is Violet's diagnosis.
Stacy:	*Gasp* You can't steal private stuff like that, that's illegal.
Me: 	(Oh, now she decides she has a problem being lawless.)
Me: 	I didn't steal it, I found it lying on the grass.
Me: 	If I gave it back, they'd all suspect me of stealing and reading it, just like you did...
Stacy:	I see. Sorry...
Me: 	And I don't want any bad people to get their hands on it.
Stacy:	"Bad people"?
Me: 	It's just a figure of speech, but I was talking about Belle and Naomi.
Stacy:	They're not bad, just... weird.
Me: 	(Oh, the irony!)
Me: 	Anyway, it's not just a piece of paper...
Me: 	I'd like to avoid getting caught up in all this, and I'm sure Violet would be grateful if we kept this under wraps, as well.
Stacy:	Hmm, I feel there's a lot of value in that single sheet of paper.
Me: 	(Of course there is! I just told you about it!)
Stacy:	Okay, I'll do it!
Stacy:	I'll purge your sins with holy flames and cover its remnants with silent ashes.
Me: 	Excellent. (Can't deny the poetic value there...)
Me: 	Here, take it.
Me: 	Make sure no one sees it.
Stacy:	This secret's safe with me.
Me: 	Thanks Stacy, I owe you one.
Me: 	(Another poor soul helped...)
Me: 	(Another good deed done...)
Me: 	(I even figured out that Naomi's the mysterious "Forest Sucker.")
Me: 	(But other than rumors and deduction, I have zero hard evidence.)
Me: 	(I already eavesdropped on Belle and Violet, maybe I should listen to what Stacy has to say.)
        Me: 	(Nah, I have more than enough information to know it's Naomi...)
        Me: 	(Don't need hard evidence for that.)
        Me: 	(I should just find her. I'll think of a plan once I do.)
        Me: 	(I mean, it's only fair if I spied on the rest of the girls...)
        Me: 	(Don't want to play favorites.)
        Me: 	(If I stick around, I'll probably be able to hear everything.)
        Narr:	Still in close proximity to the office, you decide to stay and listen for any juicy info.
        Narr:	Coming closer, you hear Eve and Stacy talking.
        Narr:	And after a brief glance through the window...
        Narr:	You notice that the office is empty.
        Me: 	(I can hear them, but I can't see them.)
        Narr:	Wondering where the voices were coming from, you take a peek around the corner.
        Narr:	As you do, you find Stacy and Eve sitting on the patio, having a session.
        Me: 	(There they are.)
        Me: 	(Stay low, don't make a sound and it'll be fine.)
        Eve:	So, Stacy, how are you today?
        Stacy:	Glowing like warm embers.
        Eve:	Content?
        Stacy:	Yes, you could say that.
        Eve:	Why are you so fascinated by imagery of fire and burning?
        Stacy:	It is part of how I interpret the world.
        Stacy:	Fire is the life-giver.
        Eve:	Hmm... I see. But, do you see that this connection to fire has become... an obsession?
        Stacy:	I think your inquiry is just judgement masquerading as a question.
        Eve:	Hey, my questions are part of the process dedicated to making you better.
        Stacy:	Well...
        Stacy:	Infernal.
        Eve:	Angry?
        Stacy:	Not angry, just burning.
        Eve:	What does "burning" mean to you?
        Stacy:	Burning?
        Eve:	Yes.
        Stacy:	Yes, burning.
        Eve:	What?
        Stacy:	Burning means burning...
        Stacy:	You know, when your blood sizzles and your skin starts to peel off.
        Stacy:	Your eyes dry out and your nails melt and drip away...
        Eve:	Interesting choice of words...
        Eve:	So you're nervous or anxious? In pain?
        Stacy:	I think it's pretty self-explanatory.
        Me: 	(Stacy is being feisty. I wonder if she'll mention Belle.)
        Stacy:	I already told Dennis how redundant talking about my problems is.
        Me: 	(Oh, come on! She just had to mention me, and it just HAD to be with Eve.)
        Eve:	Mhm, I see...
        Me: 	(Fuck, she's about to drop a bomb. I can just feel it.)
        Eve:	So you feel like our talks aren't helping?
        Stacy:	Correct.
        Eve:	What do you think would help?
        Stacy:	It would help if I weren't here, wasting time... instead of being with my flock.
        Eve:	Your "flock"? Does that have anything to do with your religion?
        Stacy:	They are my friends and family, we worship the Heavenly Phoenix Lotus as one.
        Eve:	You miss them?
        Stacy:	Of course I do! Don't you miss the ones you love when you're not with them?
        Eve:	Hmm... I do. More often than you think.
        Me: 	(I wonder who she misses the most...)
Me: 	Yo, where you headin'?
Naomi:	The living room. Got a chat with Dr. Eve.
Me: 	Aren't you holding the session outside?
Naomi:	Dr. Eve wanted to, but in this heat? I don't think so.
Naomi:	It's a hundred and fifty degrees outside, and I prefer to stay milky white.
Me: 	*Chuckle* You're obviously from a well-standing family.
Naomi:	Of course, you don't look this lovely without proper heritage.
Me: 	(I have a subtle urge to slap that "heritage" out of her.)
Naomi:	And what are you doing? I saw you scurrying around the camp since you came back this morning.
Me: 	How did you know when I came back?
Naomi:	*Chuckle* Hard to miss a distressed idiot wandering around camp.
Me: 	Right, and what were you doing this morning?
Naomi:	Why do you care, and why should I tell you?
Me: 	I have my reasons.
Naomi:	So do I. Tell me again why I should answer you?
Me: 	(She's not gonna tell me shit like this.)
Me: 	(I can either confront her now, or spy on her and maybe find something out that gives me leverage to get an answer out of her.)
    Me: 	(I can either confront her now, or spy on her and maybe find something out that gives me leverage to get an answer out of her.)
        Me: 	(I'll stay quiet for now. No need to rush her confession.)
        Me: 	(Just pretend you have places to be, things to do.)
        Naomi:	Just gonna stand there with a dumb look on your face, or is there something you'd like to share?
        Me: 	Nah, I have stuff to take care of.
        Me: 	I'll leave you to it.
        Naomi:	Curious...
        Narr:	After giving you another suspicious look...
        Narr:	Naomi turns around and goes to find Eve.
        Me: 	...
        Me: 	(Okay, looks like she went her own way.)
        Me: 	(I should follow her.)
        Narr:	Keeping a fair distance, you continue to follow Naomi sneakily back to the house.
        Narr:	With Dennis lurking further down the path, Naomi enters the house.
        Narr:	Eve welcomed her, and they got comfortable on the couch in the living room for their session.
        Narr:	Since you don't see them outside, you look toward the living room.
        Narr:	From this angle, you can see through the windows on the first floor perfectly. 
        Narr:	Although, you can't hear what Naomi and Eve are talking about.
        Narr:	A moment later, Kiara appears behind them, at the door leading outside...
        Narr:	With something unexpected in hand.
        Me: 	(Looks like rope. What does she need...)
        Me: 	(No, no, no... No way... She couldn't have.)
        Me: 	(It couldn't have been Kiara... Could it?)
        Me: 	(But why?)
        Me: 	...
        Me: 	(Don't tell me it's because of what happened that one time?)
        Me: 	(Holy shit... It was Kiara!)
        Me: 	(It didn't even cross my mind!)
        Me: 	(I didn't think she'd be willing to go so far...)
        Me: 	(It makes sense, I mean...)
        Me: 	(If she wanted to do it again, there were other ways to do it.)
        Me: 	(FUCK! Kiara, why'd you have to do something like this!?)
        Me: 	(This is mind-boggling, I need to sit down!)
        Me: 	You know, Naomi, there's something that's been bugging me since this morning.
        Naomi:	Is that why you keep pestering me with questions? Pray tell.
        Me: 	Well, I was just thinking...
        Me: 	Since you're such a connoisseur of the finer things in life...
        Naomi:	That is true, yes.
        Me: 	How did you like the taste of my dick?
        Naomi:	Excuse me!?
        Me: 	Was it up to your standards?
        Naomi:	Did you have a stroke or something?
        Me: 	Don't pretend. I know it was you.
        Me: 	I talked to everyone in camp and the only person it could have been is you.
        Naomi:	I have no idea what you're talking about.
        Me: 	Stop denying it! You're the only one without an alibi.
        Me: 	Hitting on me from the minute you arrived...
        Me: 	Even though I turned you down and told you I was taken, but you still didn't care. Nooo...
        Naomi:	Huh?
        Me: 	Things just have to go Naomi's way....
        Me: 	That's how the world works, right?
        Me: 	Wrapped around your little finger?
        Me: 	Otherwise, how else would this spoiled princess get what she wants?
        Naomi:	*Sigh* You're obviously in over your head...
        Me: 	And you're obviously giving head to anything that moves!
        Naomi:	Wow, that's a new level of lame.
        Me: 	Stop fucking with me! I know it was you!
        Naomi:	I'm not sure if you're joking or if you just lost your mind...
        Naomi:	Again, what is it you think I did?
        Me: 	You tied me to a tree, blindfolded me and then gave me a fucking blowjob!
        Narr:	Completely dumbfounded, Naomi looks at you with disbelief in her eyes...
        Narr:	Before losing it completely.
        Naomi:	*Laughs* W-WHAT!?
        Naomi:	Did you have wet dreams about me, or something?
        Naomi:	Don't tell me that actually happened.
        Me: 	...
        Naomi:	Hahaha, that's amazing!
        Me: 	But...
        Naomi:	I must say, whoever it was, they certainly have a knack for it.
        Naomi:	*Laughs* I mean, I'm no saint, but I usually don’t go to such lengths to get what I want.
        Me: 	B-But it was supposed to be you!
        Me: 	All the evidence pointed to you...
        Naomi:	Seems like you're a terrible detective.
        Me: 	If it wasn't you, then who?
        Naomi:	Awww, poor flustered Dennis. So lost and confused.
        Me: 	If you know anything... Tell me, I have to know.
        Naomi:	After calling me out like that, I'm a bit reluctant to help you.
        Naomi:	But seeing you so distressed and in such state... Oh, what the hell...
        Me: 	So you do know something?
        Naomi:	I have absolutely zero information regarding your little "adventure."
        Naomi:	But, if you want to figure out who it was, just ask yourself who'd be desperate enough to do something like that.
        Me: 	Ummmm... You?
        Naomi:	Oh, fuck off, I'm trying to help.
        Naomi:	And, the way things have been going for you...
        Naomi:	Someone sucking on your dick, you sucking on my boob, Violet's "massage"...
        Me: 	You know about that!?
        Naomi:	You're not very subtle, you know?
        Me: 	Fuck, this is spiraling out of control...
        Naomi:	I couldn't agree more.
        Naomi:	*Chuckle* Looking at all that is happening...
        Naomi:	It's just a matter of time before I suck you off, of your own volition.
        Narr:	Thoughts of Naomi sucking your dick cross your mind.
        Narr:	But the realization that Naomi wasn't the one who sucked you off hits you like a cannonball.
        Narr:	Along with all the kisses, touches and BJ-s that you'll have to keep a secret from Jane.
        Narr:	Your heart starts racing as you get covered in cold sweat.
        Me: 	Could it be...
        Naomi:	You’re awfully dour for someone who got a complementary BJ...
        Naomi:	You should be happy.
        Me: 	I'm sorry, I have to go.
        Naomi:	Come on, Dennis, you're overreacting.
        Naomi:	Dennis, hello?
        Naomi:	*Sigh* Poor little Dennis, seems like your relationship with your girlfriend is going downhill, fast...
        Naomi:	Whether you want it to, or not.
Narr:	After some time spent realizing what is going on, you decide to act.
Me: 	I can't let this slide, I have to confront her!
Narr:	With jittery legs, you shuffle towards the house.
Narr:	Trying your hardest not to get swept away by the whirlwind going on inside your head.
Me: 	(What am I even doing? Should I really confront Kiara about this?)
Me: 	(What if some of the girls lied, and now I'm suspecting the wrong person?)
Me: 	Argh! Too many questions! (There's no other way to be sure, unless I confront her.)
Me: 	(I don't even want to think about the consequences...)
Narr:	As you climb up the stairs, you hear a familiar voice that almost makes you keel over.
Narr:	It's Kiara, fresh from the bathroom, wearing nothing but a towel.
Kiara:	Oh, look, it's the lost boy from the woods.
Kiara:	What's wrong? You look like you've seen a ghost.
Me: 	I wish... (Damn it, I just had to bump into her. I'm not ready for this.)
Kiara:	What happened? Something serious?
Me: 	*Sigh* Kinda.
Kiara:	Are you gonna tell me, or do I have to squeeze it out of you?
Me: 	Can we talk in private? (I need to think of what to say.)
Kiara:	Sure, let's go to my room.
Kiara:	You know... everyone was worried sick about you.
Me: 	Even you? (I'll just start prodding for information until I'm sure.)
Kiara:	HAH! Hardly.
Me: 	Know something I don't?
Kiara:	Oh please, the forest isn't that big.
Kiara:	Plus, foxes and squirrels are like the biggest game animals around.
Kiara:	Hardly a threat for such a manly man like yourself.
Me: 	("Manly man"?)
Kiara:	I was pretty sure you'd find your way back.
Me: 	Right. (If she had anything to do with it, she's making sure I don't figure it out.)
Narr:	Kiara continues talking, but your attention is drawn elsewhere.
Narr:	Knowing fully well that getting a confession or hearing a slip-up is going to be borderline impossible.
    Narr:	Knowing fully well that getting a confession or hearing a slip-up is going to be borderline impossible.
        Me: 	So, uhm... (Just say it, fuck the consequences!)
        Kiara:	What is it now?
        Me: 	Kiara... Why did you suck my dick? 
        Kiara:	What!? That's what you wanna know? Really?
        Me: 	Well, I didn't expect you to be such a sex fiend!
        Kiara:	Fuck off, that was years ago!
        Me: 	I'm not talking about that time! I'm talking about today! This morning!
        Kiara:	Did you lose your brain in that forest, too?
        Me: 	You tied me up, blindfolded me and then sucked me off!
        Me: 	You even made me cum in your mouth.
        Kiara:	What the hell are you talking about!?
        Kiara:	That never happened. You must have been dreaming.
        Me: 	It certainly felt like a dream. But it wasn’t. I had to untie the rope after you finished the job and left.
        Kiara:	This rope?
        Me: 	THAT'S THE SAME ROPE!
        Kiara:	Keep your damn voice down.
        Me: 	How can I? Why won’t you just admit it was you?
        Kiara:	I didn't do shit. That rope has probably been under my bed since before I got here this summer.
        Me: 	Bullshit. I saw you entering the house carrying that rope.
        Kiara:	Excuse me!?
        Me: 	Why you'd do something like that! Tie me up to a tree?
        Kiara:	What the hell is wrong with you!?
        Me: 	Kiara, just admit it.
        Me: 	Stop acting like nothing happened, or I'm leaving this camp, tonight!
        Kiara:	Do whatever you want, you jerk.
        Kiara:	It.
        Kiara:	Wasn't.
        Kiara:	ME!
        Narr:	At this point, you were barely listening to her as your eyes scan the room for any evidence that might help you.
        Kiara:	So, what is it you wanted to talk about?
        Me: 	(At first glance, nothing seems different from last time.)
        Me: 	(No items, no evidence, nothing...)
        Kiara:	Hellooo, you still here?
        Me: 	Huh, what? Sorry, I was thinking about something else.
            Kiara:	Once wasn't enough, huh?
            Me: 	What are you talking about?
            Kiara:	I know you've been snooping around in my room, you jerk.
            Me: 	Me!? What!? (How the fuck does she know?)
                Kiara:	Yeah, you! You broke my picture frame!
                Me: 	*Cough* I-umm, ahm, was-umm...
            Kiara:	Not only that, but you're scanning the whole place again for god-knows what reason.
            Kiara:	It's like you're looking for something...
            Kiara:	So tell me, what for?
            Me: 	Oh, no, I'm not looking for anything specific.
            Kiara:	I'm not stupid, Dennis.
            Kiara:	Does it have to do with the thing you wanted to ask?
            Kiara:	Because there are other, more polite ways to get an answer.
            Me: 	(Shit, she has me all figured out.)
            Me: 	(I can't let her control the conversation like this.)
            Me: 	(I have to...)
        Narr:	As you exchange words, something catches your attention in the corner of her room, tucked under her bed
        Me: 	(Is that... Rope?)
        Me: 	(It was her! I knew it! I fucking knew it!)
        Me: 	(I can't believe she actually decided to go through with it.)
        Me: 	What's that under your bed?
        Kiara:	That? Rope, obviously.
        Me: 	And what do you need rope for?
        Kiara:	I don't need it, it just appeared in my room.
        Me: 	Bullshit. I saw you entering the house carrying that rope.
        Kiara:	Excuse me!?
        Me: 	Why you'd do something like that! Tie me up to a tree?
        Kiara:	What the hell is wrong with you!?
        Me: 	Kiara, just admit it.
        Me: 	Stop acting like nothing happened, or I'm leaving this camp, tonight!
        Kiara:	Can you tell me what you're accusing me of first?
        Me: 	Do I have to spell it out for you!?
        Kiara:	You obviously do, since you're barely speaking coherently.
        Me: 	Kiara, you sucked my dick!
        Kiara:	What the fuck?! That was years ago! What does that have to do with anything?!
        Me: 	Because you did it again, this morning!
        Me: 	I mean, why go to such lengths?
        Kiara:	So, someone sucked your dick?
        Me: 	Not someone, you!
        Kiara:	I don't know what happened, but whatever it was, I wasn't involved.
        Narr:	Even though you lost your cool, seeing Kiara's reaction sparks doubt in your mind.
        Narr:	Either she's extremely good at lying, or you suck at being a detective more than you care to admit.
        Narr:	Whatever the truth may be, this is where it has to end.
        Me: 	Kiara, I'm going to ask you again...
        Me: 	Don’t lie to me.
        Kiara:	It wasn't me, okay!? Get that through your thick skull.
        Me: 	Then why the hell do you keep rope under--
        Me: 	Wait, what's that...
        Me: 	You even have the fucking blindfold! Are you kidding me? You’re still going with "it wasn’t me story"?
        Kiara:	That's not mine.
        Me: 	Why should I believe you if it's right there?
        Kiara:	Believe what you want. But this stuff just magically appeared in my room.
        Me: 	Don't tell me... It was Eve who planted them, right?
        Kiara:	Wouldn't put it past her.
        Me: 	Very convenient...
        Kiara:	What does this rope have to do with someone sucking your dick?
        Kiara:	Did they tie you down, or what?
        Me: 	...
        Kiara:	Don't tell me they tied you down...
        Me: 	You're serious? It wasn't you?
        Kiara:	I keep telling you...
        Kiara:	It.
        Kiara:	Wasn't.
        Kiara:	ME!
Narr:	This time, the weight of her words and the delivery were enough to get the point across.
Me: 	(Was it really not her? Was it really not Kiara?)
Me: 	Fuck... (Someone lied to me!)
Me: 	(After all the shit I went through, and I still haven't figured out who the culprit is.)
Narr:	Confusion and fear start welling up in your heart.
Narr:	The realization makes your legs numb.
Narr:	All you can do is sit down, lest you find yourself on the floor.
Kiara:	(One minute shouting, the other in complete despair...)
Kiara:	(What is his problem?)
Kiara:	Hmm... (Hopeless expression, lack of words, had to sit down...)
Kiara:	(Yup, he's distressed. Very distressed.)
Kiara:	*Sigh* (I can't bear to look at him like this.)
Narr:	Slowly and without a word, Kiara sits beside you.
Narr:	Gently placing her hand on your shoulder, before continuing.
Kiara:	Wanna talk about it?
Me: 	...
Kiara:	Dennis?
Me: 	I fucked up.
Kiara:	"Fucked up" what?
Me: 	It doesn't matter anymore.
Kiara:	Then there’s no need to worry about it.
Kiara:	Just tell me, I'll listen.
Me: 	...
Me: 	*Sigh* What the hell...
Narr:	Once again, you explain everything that happened after getting lost.
Narr:	Kiara remained calm and supportive as she listened to your story.
Narr:	At first, there was disbelief and anger on her face.
Narr:	But after hearing you out, she couldn't help but laugh.
Narr:	Lifting your spirits in the process.
Kiara:	*Chuckle* So you were going around camp spying on everyone and asking questions?
Me: 	Pretty much.
Kiara:	Oh God, I'm so sorry.
Me: 	Thanks...
Kiara:	Sorry for that no-good brain of yours.
Me: 	Fuck off, what was I supposed to do?
Kiara:	I don't know, you're the detective of this story.
Me: 	Great advice...
Me: 	But thanks for talking to me about this.
Kiara:	No problem.
Me: 	I'm grateful you've always looked out for me.
Me: 	Sorry for not being here for you.
Kiara:	It's fine, Dennis. You had to go your own way.
Kiara:	But I'm glad you're here now.
Me: 	Me too.
Kiara:	I also... thought you forgot, about that time.
Me: 	I thought the same, since you never mentioned it.
Me: 	That's kinda the reason why I suspected you.
Kiara:	We never did talk about it, did we?
Me: 	No, we didn't.
Kiara:	So you thought I wanted to suck your dick again, and this was the only way I could have done it, so nobody found out?
Kiara:	How sweet.
Me: 	It kinda makes sense, doesn't it?
Kiara:	It kinda does.
Me: 	So you would have done it, if you thought of it?
Kiara:	*Chuckle* I think I'd just ask you, like last time.
Kiara:	While we're on the subject...
Kiara:	Since we never talked about it...
Me: 	What is it?
Kiara:	Did you enjoy it?
Me: 	Being tied up and getting head?
Kiara:	No!
Kiara:	That other time...
Kiara:	With me.
Me: 	Oh...
Kiara:	I'm sorry, it's a stupid question. You don't have to answer.
Me: 	No, no. It's fine. We should get it off our chests.
Me: 	If you must know, it was really good.
Kiara:	Awww, really?
Me: 	Getting head from you? Hardly anything compares to that, Kiara.
Kiara:	*Giggle* Stop it, I'll blush.
Me: 	Yeah, what a compliment.
Me: 	You asked me a weird question, now let me ask you one.
Kiara:	Go ahead.
Me: 	Did you enjoy it?
Kiara:	Did I...
Kiara:	*Chuckle* Yes. Yes, I did.
Kiara:	And I think about it sometimes...
Kiara:	Fondly.
Kiara:	*Chuckle* And your massive dick.
Me: 	*Chuckle* Is it?
Kiara:	I mean, it seemed big at the time.
Kiara:	It's not like I had a huge catalog of dicks to compare it with.
Kiara:	Though...
Me: 	"Though" what?
Kiara:	Though... I wouldn't mind taking another look.
Me: 	You seriously wanna see my junk?
Kiara:	Not junk. Your prized possession.
Me: 	*Chuckle* Stop pulling my leg.
Kiara:	I'm not joking.
Me: 	Uhhh, I don't know what to say.
Kiara:	You don't have to say anything, just show me.
Me: 	I don't know...
Kiara:	Come on, don't be such a bore.
Kiara:	I'll tell you if it's as big as I remember.
Me: 	How can I say no to that...
Kiara:	Come ooon, don't tell me you're not at least a bit curious?
Me: 	I mean, I guess I am.
Kiara:	So take it out, then.
Me: 	Hmm... (I don't know about this. It's a bit awkward.)
Me: 	(Then again, after all these years, Kiara and I are finally talking about it.)
Me: 	(Maybe it's for the best if I show her my dick and be done with it.)
Me: 	(Like, "healing old wounds" or "making peace" or something.)
Me: 	Alright, fuck it.
Kiara:	You're gonna do it?
Me: 	But under one condition.
Kiara:	Name it?
Me: 	Show me your boobs.
Kiara:	What, why?
Me: 	Quid pro quo.
Me: 	Plus, I always thought you had a nice pair.
Kiara:	Look at you, what a charming creep...
Me: 	Hey, you went there first.
Kiara:	Hmm, alright. Since you said they were nice...
Kiara:	But you do it first.
Me: 	Watch me.
Narr:	Kiara sits up straight, intently eyeing what's about to happen, as you lean back onto the bed and start unbuckling your pants.
Kiara:	*Chuckle* Can't believe you're doing this. (I'm actually going to see his dick again!)
Me: 	Me neither, but what the hell.
Me: 	You ready?
Kiara:	Did it just get hotter in here?
Me: 	Kiara...
Kiara:	I'm just nervous... but I wanna see it.
Me: 	Well, then...
Me: 	Enjoy it.
Narr:	As you whip out your cock, Kiara's eyes widen with surprise.
Me: 	Like what you see?
Kiara:	Well... Can't say I don't.
Kiara:	You're lucky you have such a nice cock.
Me: 	Compliments will only get you so far...
Me: 	Show me.
Kiara:	Aren't we eager?
Narr:	Kiara gingerly grabs her towel with both hands. Casting sly looks as she does.
Narr:	Before revealing what she's got hiding underneath.
Me: 	Oh... Wow.
Kiara:	*Chuckle*
Narr:	You scan every inch of her soft-looking hills with your gaze.
Narr:	Unable to move your eyes away from them.
Narr:	And Kiara, being the one in question, only furthered the kinkiness of it all.
Narr:	And it showed.
Kiara:	Well...
Kiara:	I wanted to ask what you thought of them, but it seems I already got my answer.
Narr:	Looking back down, you notice your hand instinctively going up and down your now erect cock.
Me: 	Shit, sorry! I didn't mean...
Kiara:	*Laughs* Why are you apologizing?
Me: 	My hand just started moving...
Kiara:	I'll take it as a compliment.
Kiara:	But if you wanna blast one out, I don't mind.
Me: 	You know I won't do that.
Kiara:	Pity...
Kiara:	What if I did it for you?
Me: 	What!?
Narr:	Kiara leans towards you, nearly prowling as she does.
Narr:	Purring on her way to your crotch.
Narr:	Without warning, she grabs it.
Me: 	Hey, stop it!
Kiara:	I had to see for myself.
Me: 	You SAW, this is TOUCHING. Know the difference!
Kiara:	Shut up, you know what I mean.
Narr:	For another moment, Kiara keeps studying your cock intently.
Kiara:	It's really thick, actually.
Kiara:	I don't think I could swallow as much as last time.
Me: 	Kiara, let go of it.
Kiara:	I wonder if it'll get bigger if I do this.
Narr:	Suddenly, Kiara's hand starts pulling on your shaft.
Me: 	W-What are you... Aren't we going too far!?(She's jerking me off!)
Kiara:	Depends who you ask.
Me: 	Ahh... Fuck... (She's so close. I can feel her warmth on me...)
Kiara:	Feels good, huh?
Me: 	(Her warm breath on my cock when she speaks...)
Kiara:	You know Dennis, you were right about one thing at least...
Me: 	And what's that?
Kiara:	I always wanted to do it again.
Narr:	Before you can speak up, Kiara envelops your cock with her lips.
Narr:	Then slowly starts sliding down your shaft.
Me: 	Wai-Ahhh! (Kiara's sucking my dick!)
Me: 	*Moan* (She's still going!)
Me: 	Wow... (Taking it deep!)
Narr:	Having your dick in Kiara's mouth feels wonderful.
Narr:	Wonderful, pleasurable and guilty.
Narr:	As Kiara's tongue flicks and twirls around your cock, you almost forget about Jane.
Me: 	Fuck... Kiara... (It feels so good... and I want her to continue, but I can't. We shouldn't!)
Kiara:	*Gasp*
Kiara:	I think I could fit it all in, with a bit of practice.
Me: 	Are you...
Kiara:	Mmm, it's so nice and big. You're really lucky, you know?
Kiara:	I'm also lucky as well, having you like this...
Me: 	(Can't say I'm not enjoying the craziness of it all, but this doesn't feel right.)
Narr:	Before you can say anything, Kiara speaks up - still compulsively stroking your cock.
Kiara:	You know, I could just suck you off to completion.
Kiara:	I'd like that very much.
Narr:	This whole day ended up as an uncontrollable mess.
Narr:	Everything was moving so fast, it was hard to keep up.
Narr:	Feeling nervous and overwhelmed, you do the only thing you can.
Me: 	I-I can't do this.
Kiara:	You're getting cold feet now!?
Me: 	It's wrong, god-damn it!
Kiara:	Dennis, come on...
Narr:	Leaving Kiara's room in a hurry, you don't reply.
Narr:	You had nothing more to say to her.
Me: 	Jesus Christ... Why is this happening to me? (This is crazy, how could I let this happen!)
Narr:	Unexpectedly, you notice Emily walking up the stairs.
Narr:	As if in pain, she was massaging her jaw.
Narr:	Immediately dropping her arm the moment she saw you.
Me: 	(What's wrong with her jaw? She looks spooked again...)
Me: 	(And what's with her legs? They're red and bruised...)
Emily:	EEEK!
Emily:	Dennis... *Pant* You scared me.
Me: 	(She gets spooked every time she sees me?)
Emily:	Dennis, umm, hi. What's up?
Emily:	I'm stretching my facial muscles, so I can give you a bigger smile when I see you.
Me: 	(A sore jaw...)
Me: 	(Along with red knees?)
Me: 	No... (Don't tell me...)
Me: 	(No, no, no, it couldn't have.)
Emily:	W-What's wrong, Dennis?
Me: 	IT WAS YOU!!!
