Narator: You noticed all the red flags.
Narator: Emily's jaw hurt...
Narator: Her knees were red and slightly bruised...
Narator: In your mind, there was no one else it could have been.
Narator: Emily MUST be the \"Forest Sucker!\"
Me: IT WAS YOU!
Me: (It must be her... All the evidence points to her!)
Me: IT WAS YOU, WASN’T IT?
Emily: What the hell are you talking about, [m!t]?
Emily: (I mean, I like it when [m!t] pays attention to me... but not like this.)
Me: No need to be coy about it!
Me: (Never thought Emily could... Blowjob aside, tying me up was too much...)
Me: (Wonder how she would have felt if she was in the same situation...)
Emily: [m!ct], you're really starting to scare me...
Me: How could you?! You {i}KNOW{/i} I'm seeing someone!
Emily: You're really freaking me out...
Emily: I don't have to deal with accusations like this!
Narator: With that, Emily ran to her room and slammed the door...
Narator: ...calling Eve's attention to the ruckus happening upstairs.
Eve: What the hell is going on here, [m!t]?!
Eve: Why are you screaming at Emily like that?
Me: It's... nothing. She just messed with my stuff.
Eve: Do you think that's the mature way to resolve something like that?
Eve: I won't tolerate fighting in my house.
Eve: You can do better, [m!t]. I'm sure of it.
Eve: You're going to do some morning chores...
Eve: ...as your apology for screaming at Emily.
Eve: You'll begin by sweeping the Community Area's deck...
Eve: Then you'll clean up the fire pit...
Eve: Ending with cleaning the lake of all fallen leaves and debris. 
Eve: We'll need it clean for tomorrow's activities.
Me: Okay...
Me: (I'd rather not talk back...)
Me: (I don't want Eve asking any more questions about why I was yelling at Emily.)
Eve: Do you understand what you'll be doing?
Me: Yeah... I'll wake up early and get it done.
Eve: Good. You better get to sleep soon.
Eve: Goodnight.
Me: (I'm so pissed off...)
Me: (Emily escaped before I could confirm that she's the \"Forest Sucker\"...)
Me: (Eve roasted me and gave me even more work than usual...)
Me: (I can barely sleep after all this bullshit...)
    Me: (I can barely sleep after all this bullshit...)
        Me: (What a {i}great{/i} day...)
        Me: (It's just an endless chain of weird and wild...
        Me: (...and I'm caught up in it all.)
        Me: (I could really use a bit of shut-eye...)
        Me: Goodnight, Camp Crazy.
        Narator: With that, you enter your room and head straight to bed.
        Narator: However, you consider calling Jane before you head off to sleep.
        Narator: Everything that happened today has wound you up...
        Narator: So much that you needed to go outside and get some air before sleep.
        Narator: You exit the house and stroll around the camp for some time.
        Narator: Eventually, you make your way to the most relaxing area of camp.
        Narator: The dock.
        Narator: However, upon arriving at the dock, you realize it's already occupied...
        Narator: By Eve.
        Me: Hey, Eve.
        Eve: Came to clear your head a bit?
        Me: Yeah. I'm sorry for my outburst. Should have handled it better.
        Eve: Just make sure it doesn't happen again.
        Eve: Conflicts shouldn't be resolved with foul words.
        Me: I know...
        Eve: Come, sit down. Let's talk.
        Me: (Eve really knows how to comfort people...)
            Eve: Come here, sit down...
            Eve: You can even have another cigarette if you'd like.
            Eve: I won't stop you.
            Narator: You smile at Eve coyly as you take a cigarette from the pack beside her.
            Me: Got a light?
            Eve: Of course... Here.
            Me: (Since Eve and I are here alone... 
            Me: (...it seems like the perfect opportunity to ask.)
            Me: Is there something bothering you, Eve?
            Eve: *Quietly sighs* You're more clever than you let on.
            Me: Am I?
            Me: I thought I was the guy who could never learn simple etiquette...
            Me: Like knocking before entering.
            Eve: *Chuckles* Well, you're right about that. But, seriously... Clever.
            Me: You can tell me. Whatever it is...
            Eve: I don't want to bother you with these things.
            Eve: This is something I need to work on. By myself.
            Me: Hearing someone else's opinion might help.
            Eve: It's all these changes that have been happening...
            Eve: I feel like I've started to lose focus.
            Eve: I know you've noticed.
            Me: Huh?
            Eve: That's sweet of you, pretending like you haven't.
            Me: Is there any way I can help with whatever you're struggling with?
            Eve: The patients are a bit more difficult than I've expected.
            Eve: I've been having a hard time managing all this by myself.
            Eve: So, I've been thinking...
            Me: About?
            Eve: Well... I'd like you to take on more responsibility at camp.
            Eve: You would do therapy work with the patients.
            Eve: You'd start small. But, eventually, you'll be given more work.
            Me: Oh... Wow. I really wasn't expecting this. I'd be honored, Eve.
            Eve: Good.
            Eve: Well then... I'm looking forward seeing you in action.
            Me: Thanks, Eve.
            Me: The fresh air, and your company, helped.
            Narator: You finish the rest of your cigarette in silence, looking up at the stars above the forest.
            Narator: You put out the cigarette, and head off toward the house.
            Narator: But, not before saying goodbye to Eve.
            Me: Goodnight, Eve.
            Eve: Goodnight, [m!t].
            Eve: Sit down.
            Me: Yes, ma'am.
            Eve: Good.
            Eve: You know I'm smoking more of these because of all the stress you're causing me?
            Me: I'm sorry...
            Eve: I know you are, but you need to get your head straight.
            Me: I know, The Guidelines...
            Eve: They exist for a reason, [m!t].
            Eve: Mostly, to protect us from lawsuits.
            Eve: Also, to protect the girls from harm.
            Me: I understand...
            Eve: {i}Do you?{/i}
            Eve: You say you do, yet you keep fucking around.
            Me: (Eve is really roasting me on a spit right now...)
            Eve: Just... be more considerate. Don't lose your head.
            Me: I will, Eve. I'm sorry it even came to this.
            Eve: *Exhales deeply* It's okay. I forgive you.
            Me: Thanks, Eve.
            Eve: Look, there's also something else I've been wanting to tell you.
            Eve: And now that I've given you a harsh reprimand... 
            Eve: I think I should alleviate some of your worries.
            Eve: I've been thinking...
            Me: Huh?
            Eve: I'd like you to take on more responsibility at camp.
            Me: In what way?
            Eve: You would do therapy work with the patients.
            Eve: I've been having a hard time managing everything by myself.
            Eve: You'd start small. But, eventually, you'll be given more work.
            Me: Oh... Wow. I really wasn't expecting this. I'd be honored, Eve.
            Eve: Thank you so much, [m!t].
            Eve: You're really stepping up this year...
            Eve: I guess college has made you more mature.
            Me: Perhaps. I'm starting to enjoy this, actually.
            Eve: Good.
            Me: I think I've gotten enough fresh air. I'm heading to bed.
            Eve: Goodnight, [m!t].
            Me: Goodnight, Eve.
        Narator: A quiet has fallen on the camp, and the house, as you get back to your room.
        Narator: Everyone is likely sleeping, and here you are wondering what to do...
        Me: (I feel bad about how little Jane and I have spoken since I got here...)
        Me: (Maybe I should give her a call before sleep?)
        Narator: Holding the phone in your hand, you contemplate calling Jane.
        Me: (I know it's late, but I still think she'd appreciate it if I call her.)
        Narator: As the phone rings, you think about Jane.
        Narator: How sweet she is.
        Narator: How sexy she looks when she's wearing lingerie...
        Narator: And... the last time you two fucked.
        Me: (Huh, her phone's still ringing.)
        Me: (Why isn't she picking up?)
        Narator: Alas, your phone's dial tone cuts, and you're sent to voicemail.
        Me: (Oh well, I guess she's sleeping.)
        Me: (I'll message her to let her know it wasn't anything urgent.)
        Me: (Then I should really get some sleep...)
        Me: *Yawn* (Tomorrow is going to be a long day.)
        Me: (It's pretty late. She's probably sleeping anyway.)
        Me: (I think it would be better if I just send her a message before I head off to sleep.)
        Narator: After your message is sent, you wait to see if she'll see it.
        Narator: After waiting 10 minutes, you decide to leave her be.
        Me: (Yeah, looks like she's sleeping.)
        Me: (I should really go to sleep too.)
        Me: *Yawn* (Tomorrow is going to be a long day.)
Narator: You hear your phone's alarm going off. It must be 4am.
Me: *Yawn* I think this is the earliest I've woken up since arriving here...
Me: I {i}really{/i} didn't need this.
Me: (She doesn't even know why I was yelling at Emily!)
Me: (But... if she knew, my life would be so much more fucked.)
Narator: You sit up, tired from such a short sleep.
Narator: Despite your grogginess, you still remember to check your phone.
Me: (Maybe Jane responded?)
Narator: She didn't.
Narator: But, that doesn't bother you.
Narator: Your only thought right now is to go downstairs.
Narator: And, hopefully have some coffee before starting the day's tasks.
Me: (I hope the coffee machine is prepped.)
Me: (Eve always has it ready for the next morning.)
Me: (\"Push a button and 'voila!'\" as she always says.)
Narator: You make your way down the darkened stairwell.
Narator: Making sure to walk quietly.
Me: (I should also make sure not to trip. It's pretty damn dark.)
Narator: You make it to the kitchen without killing yourself, or waking anyone.
Narator: Quickly, you make yourself a cup of coffee and drink it before going to do your chores.
Me: *Sip* (What were they, again?)
Me: (Eve said to sweep the Community Area's deck and clean the fire pit, first.)
Me: (Better get started.)
Narator: Standing beside the fire pit, you notice a bucket and small shovel.
Me: (Thankfully Eve made my job a bit easier by leaving the tools here.)
Narator: You get to work cleaning the fire pit, but can't help yourself...
Narator: You begin thinking about Stacy.
Narator: What she'd say about the ashes you're sweeping away.
Me: *Mimicking Stacy's voice* \"Gracious. Passing fine ash thou'st given.\"
Me: *Mimicking Stacy's voice* \"Let this ash bestow nourishment...\"
Narator: You begin getting carried away, imagining more... sultry images of Stacy.
Stacy: Come to me, [m!t]...
Stacy: Embrace me like the Heavenly Phoenix Lotus embraces her flock.
Narator: Lost in your imagination, you embrace Stacy.
Narator: Only, after a moment you realize both of you are naked.
Narator: But, it doesn't matter.
Narator: You begin kissing her perky breasts...
Narator: Imagining her body twitching as you do.
Narator: Her body is hot... She's hungry for you...
Narator: You could spend eternity like this...
Narator: With her. Waiting, eager... for you to play.
Narator: Until you snap back to reality.
Narator: Realizing you've finished your task and have a hard-on.
Me: Oh, I'm done.
Me: (Ah shit, morning wood?)
Me: (I better get back to work. That's sure to kill this unwanted boner.)
    Me: (Now that I'm done cleaning the fire pit...
    Me: (There's only one chore left.)
    Me: (Which chores do I have left?)
    Me: Oh yeah.
    Me: (I needed to clean the Community Area's deck, then the lake at sunrise.)
Narator: At the Community Center's deck, you notice a broom leaned against the wall.
Me: (Ah, perfect! A broom.)
Me: (But, what the hell?)
Me: (Eve thought making me do these chores in the dark would teach me something?)
Me: (I'm more likely to get dragged away into the woods...
Me: (...by Hector... than...)
Me: *Shudders* (Better that I don't think about {i}that{/i} story.)
    Narator: Lost in thought, but on auto-pilot, you finish sweeping the deck.
    Me: Nice. I'm done!
    Narator: Lost in thought, but on auto-pilot, you finish sweeping the deck.
    Me: Nice. I'm done!
    Me: (Now that I'm done cleaning the deck...
    Me: (There's only one chore left.)
    Me: (Which chores do I have left?)
    Me: (Oh yeah. I needed to clean the fire pit, then the lake at sunrise.)
Me: (Looks like the sun has finally started rising.)
Me: (So, I guess I should head to the lake, then.)
Narator: You head over to the lake to start your final chore.
Me: Where's the cleaning net?
Narator: You see a net on a long pole resting on the dock, clearly left for you by Eve.
Me: Again, Eve helped me by leaving the tools here.
Narator: You begin to scoop the floating leaves and twigs off the surface of the lake.
Me: *Grunt* I really am the workhorse here.
Me: (Actually, I'm more like the janitor...)
Me: (Doing all the dirty jobs no one else would do.)
Narator: Your thoughts on the kinds of jobs you do at Red Falls are suddenly interrupted...
Violet: Hey, [m!t]! You're up early!
Narator: ...which startles you...
Me: WOAH! Shi--
Narator: ...causing you to fall into the lake.
Violet: Oh my god! [m!t], are you okay?
Me: Ah! The lake is freezing!
Me: I'm okay. I'm okay. Just a human popsicle at the moment.
Violet: Here, let me help you out.
    Narator: Violet gently helps you out of the lake.
    Narator: You're soaked from head to toe.
    Me: *Shivers* Why'd you spook me like that, Violet?
    Violet: I didn't mean to, really...
    Violet: I came here to do my usual morning yoga routine.
    Narator: The thought of Violet doing yoga, like a few days prior, floods your mind.
    Narator: You imagine her in lewd positions, almost begging you to come closer.
    Narator: And, in seconds, you get a hard-on.
    Me: (Oh fuck, she'll definitely see {i}this{/i} in wet pants...)
    Violet: (Why did [m!t] get so quiet all of a sudden? Is he...)
    Violet: (What?! His dick is hard?!)
    Violet: Umm... I'd suggest that you join me in my morning yoga, but...
    Violet: You look like you could use a hot shower and a change of clothes.
    Me: *Shivers* I definitely could. I'm freezing...
    Me: (A hot shower would help clear my mind of intrusive thoughts, too...)
    Me: Thanks for helping me out of the lake.
    Me: But, I think I'll take a rain check on that yoga, Violet.
    Violet: Anytime... Just don't make it a regular thing. Okay?
    Me: I don't plan on it.
    Narator: Violet contemplates helping you out of the water, but she remembers the clap.
    Violet: On second thought...
    Violet: It is pretty funny to see your clumsiness get the better of you.
    Narator: Violet watches as you tread water in the lake, shivering.
    Me: Could you help me out?
    Violet: Hmm...
    Violet: Maaaybeee...
    Violet: Fine. I think you've been in there long enough.
    Narator: Violet grabs you by the wrist and hoists you out of the water in one swift motion.
    Me: (Jesus! With that strength I'm lucky she didn't rip my arm off!)
    Me: You really are fit, Violet.
    Violet: Thanks. I'm committed to being in peak form.
    Narator: You can tell Violet is still upset with you...
    Narator: ...but her heart is beginning to forgive you.
    Violet: I'd offer you the chance to join me in my morning yoga routine...
    Violet: ...but you're soaking wet.
    Me: Yeah, and now my arm is sore.
    Violet: *Giggle* Did I pull your arm too hard? Sorry!
    Me: It's okay, but you're right.
    Me: I should head back to the house and get changed.
    Violet: See ya later... If you don't catch a cold by then.
    Me: I'll be fine. See you later, Violet.
Narator: With that, you leave Violet to her morning yoga as you walk back to the house.
Narator: You're leaving a trail behind you from the droplets falling off your waterlogged clothes.
Me: There's always something, huh?
Me: (Why can't everything just go as planned?)
Me: (Maybe I'm hexed.)
Me: (I wouldn't put it past Stacy to try some ritual on me while I'm sleeping.)
Me: (Ah, what the hell am I talking about? She's a nice girl.)
Narator: You make it back to the house on auto-pilot, and lost in thought as always.
Narator: But, despite your distraction...
Narator: ...you still make it upstairs to your bedroom.
Narator: As you're about to grab a change of clean clothes, you think to yourself.
Me: (I should probably check my phone...)
Me: Still nothing? Where is she?
Narator: You toss your phone on the bed in frustration.
Narator: Leaving the room to go take a shower.
Me: (A shower will relax me.)
Narator: You put your folded clothes on the sink counter.
Narator: Removing your wet clothes first, you then enter the shower.
Me: Finally some peace.
Narator: However, that peace didn't last long.
Narator: While you're showering, you hear a faint tapping noise.
Narator: You're suddenly overcome by a strange feeling...
Narator: The feeling of being watched.
Narator: You turn around to look at the window behind you, but you don't see anyone.
Me: Is someone there?
Me: How would anyone be creeping on me from the second floor window, anyway?
Me: *Chuckle* (I need to quit being so paranoid.)
Me: (The girls don't have super-powers.)
Narator: You relax, and let your mind wander.
Narator: As you do...
Narator: Memories of Jane and the hot sex you had together floods your mind.
Narator: Oddly, so do nude visions of Violet.
Me: (I need to finish my shower.)
    Me: (But, maybe I have enough time for a quick fap...)
        Narator: Your hand moves down to stroke your cock to these visions.
        Me: (Oh yeah, Jane...)
        Me: (Fuck, you're so sexy!)
        Narator: Transitioning from memory to fantasy...
            Narator: Transitioning from memory to fantasy...
                Narator: You imagine sliding your huge cock down Jane's throat.
                Me: (Suck it... yeah...)
                Jane: Do you {i}liiiike{/i} that?
                Me: ({i}Fuck yeah{/i} I like that...)
                Narator: Your imaginary Jane is taking your dick deep...
                Narator: Deeper down her throat than you've experienced before.
                Me: (Oh shit. This is so kinky...)
                Narator: You imagine the hot, wet feeling of her mouth wrapped around you.
                Me: (Fuck! You're too good, Jane.)
                Narator: It's all so real to you that you even feel her tongue...
                Narator: Sliding up and down your shaft.
                Me: Oh yeah... keep sucking...
                Me: Like that... Yeah...
                Narator: The thought brings you closer and closer to climax.
                Narator: As Jane eagerly awaits your hot load.
                Jane: I'm ready, [m!t]. In my mouth...
                Jane: Down my throat!
                Narator: You imagine grabbing Jane by the head...
                Narator: Shoving your cock down her throat.
                Me: (Take it all! Don't miss a drop!)
                Jane: *Muffled* Mmmpph. Mmm... Aah!
                Jane: Thanks, [m!t]... You really give me everything.
                Narator: You imagine Jane standing in your dorm room in front of you.
                Me: (I wonder where this will go?)
                Jane: I want you to take charge, [m!t].
                Jane: Grab me...
                Me: Yeah? Then what?
                Jane: Bend me over... and fuck me in the ass.
                Me: Hmm... I don't know...
                Jane: Do I have to beg?
                Me: I think you might.
                Narator: Jane bends over on the bed, showing her bare ass to you.
                Jane: Please, [m!t]...
                Jane: Pleeease...
                Jane: Please, please... Fuck me in the ass.
                Narator: Your cock gets rock hard, both in imagination and reality.
                Me: That's all you had to say.
                Narator: You imagine poking her ass with the tip of your cock.
                Jane: Pleeease. [m!t], stop teasing me.
                Jane: I {i}begged{/i} for you. Please, give it to me!
                Me: (I can't resist any longer!)
                Narator: You stop teasing Jane and shove it in her ass.
                Jane: *Moans* AAAHH! Mmmm...
                Jane: It's so big... I don't know if I can take it.
                Me: I believe... in you.
                Narator: You slide your dick into and out of her ass.
                Narator: Each time, getting deeper and deeper.
                Jane: Oh yeah... Give it to me, [m!t]!
                Narator: Soon, you're giving her everything...
                Me: (Balls... deep.)
                Narator: You feel something rising inside you... 
                Narator: You can't hold it much longer...
                Me: Get ready, Jane.
                Jane: Givee it to me. I want you to fill me up.
                Narator: You explode, pumping Jane's imaginary ass full of your hot cum.
                Me: (Take it all! I'll fill you up!)
                Jane: OOOooohhh... I feel so warm... inside.
                Jane: Thanks, [m!t]... You really give me {i}everything{/i}.
                Narator: You finish your shower and put the clothes on hastily, but have already wasted a lot of time.
                Me: (Shit, I hope I'm not late to Eve's morning briefing...)
                Narator: As you make it downstairs, your fears are confirmed.
                Narator: Eve gives you a look, clearly disapproving of your tardiness.
                Eve: In the future, I expect you all to be on time.
                Me: Sorry, I must have fallen asleep a little bit while I was in there.
                Kiara: (Haha, yeah right. It sure didn't sound like that.)
                Me: I haven't woken up this early in a while...
                Me: I was half asleep the whole morning.
                Eve: We've waited long enough as it is, [m!t]... So, let's begin.
        Narator: Your mind can't help but wander...
        Narator: Back to those visions of Violet.
        Narator: You imagine Violet doing yoga... nude.
        Me: (Violet, doing kinky yoga again? How naughty...)
        Narator: And, as you imagine Violet in situations out of her character...
        Narator: You become hornier and hornier.
        Narator: As if your hand were possessed, you vigorously stroke your cock.
        Me: (Oh, yeah... Violet, you're so fit.)
        Me: (I bet you give a great handjob...)
        Narator: Your fantastical vision of Violet changes abruptly.
        Narator: She is no longer doing yoga, but has become entranced by your girthy member.
        Violet: Oh, wow... [m!t]. Is that...
        Violet: ...for me?
        Me: (I know you're shy, Violet...)
        Me: (So you don't need to do anything you're not comfortable with...)
        Me: (But, yes. It's because of, and {i}for{/i} you.)
        Violet: Sssh. Just... let me...
        Narator: You imagine Violet stroking your cock passionately.
        Narator: Making you harder than before, and bringing you to the edge of climax.
        Me: (Violet, if you keep doing that I'll...)
        Violet: Good. Let it out. Give it to me, on my tits...
        Narator: Unable to wait a moment longer, your imaginary Violet takes your hot load.
        Me: Ahh... fuck. I really need to cool it with the fantasies...
        Me: (Better not... I've already been in the shower a while.)
        Me: (Someone could wake up soon, and need the bathroom.)
        Narator: A little while later you finish up your shower.
        Narator: But, you never truly shook that feeling of being watched.
        Me: *Shiver* It's not even October... Yet, this camp has a creepy atmosphere.
        Me: (Maybe it's haunted?)
        Me: (Heh, yeah right.)
        Narator: You get dressed and exit the bathroom.
        Narator: Hearing the TV on in the living room, you go downstairs to see who's there.
        Narator: Kiara, hearing someone descending the stairs, turns the TV off to greet you.
        Kiara: Oh, good morning [m!t]. Did you sleep well?
        Me: I slept okay.
        Kiara: (I wonder if he had erotic dreams about me.)
        Me: I did have to wake up pretty early, though.
        Kiara: It's still so early in the morning...
        Me: I woke up at 4 am... and I just recently finished Eve's chores.
        Kiara: What? Eve made you wake up that early to do chores?
        Me: Yeah...
        Kiara: I'm sorry to hear that.
        Kiara: Anyway... [m!t]. I'm really glad we had that talk last night.
        Me: (What the hell?! Is she trying to make me uncomfortable?)
        Me: Me too, Kiara. But, I'm still conflicted about that...
        Kiara: It's because of Jane right?
        Me: Jane? Why would you-
        Narator: Before you and Kiara can continue your discussion, you both hear someone enter the front door.
Eve: Good morning Red Falls staff.
Kiara: Good morning, Eve.
Me: Good morning.
Eve: Oh, yeah.
Eve: [m!ct]... You did a {i}really{/i} good job with the chores.
Me: Thanks.
Eve: You two ready for the big day ahead?
Me: Big day?
Eve: Today the girls have quite a few activities they'll be participating in.
Eve: Group activities...
Eve: Team building, and such.
Me: (Team building exercises?)
Me: (Hah! What is this, a corporate outing?)
Eve: Those activities, you and Kiara will be leading.
Kiara: What? Isn't that a job for you?
Eve: If these were normal therapy sessions, yes.
Eve: However, these activities are simpler...
Eve: Rooted more in developing cooperation and camaraderie among peers.
Eve: Don't worry, your jobs will be easy.
Eve: Maybe even a little fun.
Me: Fun?
Eve: Yes, but you better be on your best behavior.
Eve: Both of you.
Me: Of course. We'll be model employees.
Eve: You two go ahead to the girls' campground. I'll be right behind you.
Narator: With that, Eve heads to the back door to go to her office.
Narator: Leaving you and Kiara alone again.
Kiara: Let's go, [m!t]. We can keep talking on the way there.
Me: Sure.
Narator: You both leave the house and begin walking toward the girls' campground.
    Me: Kiara, I wanted to talk to you about-
    Kiara: About Jane, right?
    Me: You did mention her before Eve came. Why?
    Me: Kiara, I wanted to talk to you about-
    Kiara: About Jane, right?
    Me: How did you know?
Kiara: Because I can imagine what you're going through. I've been there.
Kiara: I'm not much older than you, but those years I have on you taught me a lot.
Me: Like what?
Kiara: That not everything is meant to be.
Kiara: You're putting a lot of pressure on yourself...
Kiara: But, you two are still so fresh.
Me: So what? That doesn't mean I don't care about her.
Kiara: [m!ct]... It's just your hormones talking.
Me: What the hell?! Don't tell me how I feel!
Kiara: [m!ct], I didn't mean it like that.
Me: {i}Sure{/i}. I heard what you said.
Kiara: [m!ct]...
Me: Look, we have work to do Kiara. We can talk later.
Kiara: You're right. I shouldn't have pushed you.
Narator: You and Kiara arrive at the girls' campground.
Narator: There is nobody outside, but you can clearly hear the girls talking among themselves in their cabins.
Narator: Eve arrives promptly, as she said she would.
Eve: Great, you're both here.
Eve: [m!ct], Kiara. Go get the girls and bring them outside.
Narator: You stand there for a moment wondering which cabin to pick. 
Narator: Cabin 1, with Naomi & Violet? 
Narator: Or, Cabin 2? Stacy and Belle's cabin.
    Narator: Or, Cabin 2? Stacy and Belle's cabin.
        Narator: You approach Cabin 1, and see Naomi and Violet sitting on their beds.
        Me: *Knocks on door* Knock, knock!
        Me: Can I come in?
        Naomi: *Giggles* Only if I get something out of it.
        Me: (What the hell does that mean?)
        Me: Okay, I'm coming in.
        Me: Hi, campers. It's time for your next activity.
        Naomi: {i}Activity?{/i} I better not get dirty.
        Naomi: But, I'm sure Violet is excited. She {i}looooves{/i} outdoor \"activities.\"
        Violet: If you mean sports... then yes, Naomi. I do love outdoor activities.
        Me: Dr. Eve is waiting outside to brief all of you.
        Me: Let's go.
        Narator: Naomi turns and heads for the door, as you requested.
        Naomi: {i}\"Let's go?\"{/i} That's no way to talk to a lady of my heritage.
        Naomi: *Whispers* I'll punish you for that, sometime.
            Narator: Following Naomi, Violet walks toward the door.
            Narator: There is a smirk on her face...
            Narator: ...and a glimmer of warm affection in her eyes as she passes you.
            Violet: You look better when you're not soaking wet.
            Me: Thanks, Violet. *Chuckle* I'd have to agree with you there.
            Violet: I'm just glad you didn't die of hypothermia before you made it to the shower.
            Me: Did I look that cold?
            Violet: You were shaking so much...
            Violet: It looked like you overdosed on Red Bull.
            Violet: Anyway, I'm glad you didn't freeze to death... 
            Violet: Otherwise, you wouldn't be able to join me in yoga like you promised.
            Narator: Violet turns to leave, but as she does she brushes your arm gently with her hand...
            Narator: ...an action she makes look almost accidental.
            Me: (Was Violet... flirting with me?)
            Me: (Hmm...)
            Me: (Anyway, I should go back outside.)
            Me: (Eve and the others are waiting for me.)
            Narator: Following Naomi, Violet walks toward the door.
            Narator: She gives you a cold glare that pierces your soul...
            Narator: But, she can't maintain it for long.
            Violet: Hey, Mr. \"Two Left Feet.\" How's it going?
            Violet: Still cold from your early-morning dip?
            Me: Ha-ha. Very funny, Violet.
            Violet: Maybe it wasn't funny for you, but it was pretty funny to me.
            Me: I get it, I get it. I'm a dickhead. I'm sorry!
            Me: (When is she going to forgive me for that damn clap?! 
            Me: (Will she {i}ever{/i} forgive me?)
            Violet: (Hmm... am I'm being too hard on him?)
            Violet: (He's just an idiot sometimes... not a complete asshole.)
            Violet: You're... not a {i}total{/i} dickhead, [m!t].
            Violet: But, you will have to work a bit more to get back in my {i}good{/i} book.
            Me: What... Are you like Santa or something?
            Violet: How'd you find out?
            Me: (Shit, I guess I better stop being {i}naughty{/i}.)
            Me: Just a guess.
            Violet: I better go outside. 
            Violet: Don't want to keep everyone waiting.
            Me: Yeah, I'll be right behind you.
        Narator: You approach Cabin 2, and see Stacy lying on her bed, hands under her head with her eyes closed.
        Me: (Looks like Stacy is taking a nap. Now, where's Belle?)
        Narator: Belle... on the other hand...
        Narator: ...is on her bed, touching herself over her clothing.
        Me: (What the...)
        Belle: Oh, [m!t]... I love it when you watch me doing this.
        Me: (What the fuck?!)
        Belle: Oh... [m!t]. Why don't you just knock on our door already.
        Narator: With that, Belle's eyes open suddenly.
        Narator: She stops mock-touching herself and a big smile appears on her face.
        Me: (God damn it, she's fucking with me again!)
        Me: Knock-knock.
        Me: I really don't appreciate your \"jokes\" Belle...
        Belle: Why, they make you {i}haaard{/i}?
        Belle: Feeling uncomfortable with the whole situation?
        Belle: Or... do you {i}enjoy{/i} it?
        Me: You know I have to abide by the guidelines, Belle.
        Me: And that I have someone.
        Stacy: Belle, by the Heavenly Phoenix Lotus, please leave [m!t] alone.
        Belle: On and on and on about that bird blossom...
        Belle: You just {i}never{/i} stop...
        Belle: Talk like a regular person, Stacy!
        Narator: Stacy scowls at Belle upon hearing her reaction.
        Stacy: The Heavenly Phoenix Lotus will remember your mockery.
        Me: Girls, please. Eve wants to see all of you outside.
        Me: And, Belle, be nicer to Stacy. Okay?
        Belle: I'll try... *Giggle* But, what will you do for me in return?
        Me: (You'll see what I'll do...)
        Me: (Agh! Why am I thinking like that, again?!)
        Belle: Thinking {i}hard{/i}? Or trying to make sure something else doesn't {i}get{/i} hard?
        Narator: With that, Belle leaves the cabin, but not before giving your ass a gentle slap.
        Belle: *Giggles* You better keep thinking about that.
        Me: HEY!
        Belle: Oh, and you look good showering.
        Me: (Huh? Could Belle have--)
        Me: (Nah, that's impossible.)
        Stacy: Please forgive Belle for her actions, [m!t].
        Stacy: She is still a conflicted being.
        Stacy: Were she more willing... the heavenly flames would guide her.
        Me: Maybe one day she'll reconsider your offer.
        Stacy: *Whispers* Maybe one day {i}you'll{/i} reconsider.
        Narator: Stacy gives you a small kiss on the cheek...
        Narator: ..before turning and swiftly exiting the cabin.
        Narator: You freeze for a moment, taken aback by the quick kiss.
        Narator: You regain your composure and head outside to meet Eve and the others.
Narator: You leave the cabin you were just in and regroup with Eve, Kiara and the girls.
Eve: Good morning, girls.
Eve: Today is a big day, with many activities ahead of you.
Belle: Oooh... I {i}love{/i} activities.
Eve: *Ahem* The first of which is synchronized swimming exercises.
Stacy: *Whispers* Why must it be something so {i}cold{/i}...
Eve: After that, you'll all need to change into something more athletic...
Naomi: Athletic?
Naomi: I'm {i}not{/i} going to do anything that will make me sweaty and gross.
Naomi: I draw the line at volleyball. That's fun, at least.
Eve: You don't have to participate.
Eve: But, it will be detrimental to the healing process.
Naomi: I don't care. I'll take the \"L,\" there.
Eve: Please. No more interruptions, ladies. We shouldn't delay things any further.
Eve: Once you change into athletic clothes, you'll go to the volleyball field.
Eve: You'll be playing Red Rover.
Eve: It's a great game to improve teamwork.
Eve: Later, once the sun has set, we'll have another campfire session.
Eve: Until then, Kiara and [m!t] will be your supervisors.
Eve: [m!ct], you'll be the lifeguard during the swimming exercise... 
Eve: So I expect you to be ready on the dock.
Me: (Lifeguard?)
Me: (So I have to stand around roasting in the sun...)
Me: (While they all get to chill in the water?)
Me: *Grumble* Sounds good.
Eve: Good. Kiara, you'll be leading the ladies in their exercise.
Kiara: Sure thing, Eve.
Eve: Please be as cooperative as possible, everyone.
Eve: These activities aren't meant to be punishing.
Eve: They're to help you all get along better...
Eve: And, to bring down your barriers.
Me: (Bring down their barriers?)
Me: (The thought of the girls free to do whatever they want horrifies me...)
Narator: And, turns you on...
Eve: So, go get changed everyone. Meet back on the dock as soon as possible.
Narator: With that, the girls disperse back into their cabins.
Narator: You give them all a good look as they do.
Narator: Belle and Stacy are obviously walking flirtatiously.
Narator: While Naomi and Violet return to their cabins more casually.
Narator: You see Eve and Kiara walk back toward the house, and follow suit.
Narator: You get back to the house a bit behind Eve and Kiara.
Narator: You enter the house and close the door behind you.
Narator: You look around the living room, but see nobody around...
Narator: Before heading upstairs to your room.
Me: (They really got some distance on me.)
Me: (Maybe I do need to work out more regularly...)
Narator: You go to your room and change into your swim shorts.
Narator: Back in the hallway, you go downstairs and exit the house.
Me: (I needed to meet the girls at the dock...)
Me: (But, I changed a bit too quickly.)
Me: (I {i}could{/i} just wait for them at the dock...)
Me: (Or, I could take a short walk around the camp...)
Narator: After making your way to the girls' campground...
Narator: ...you are curious to see what they're up to.
Me: (I should see what the girls are up to...)
Me: (Make sure they're not lollygagging.)
Narator: You make your way around to the side of Naomi and Violet's cabin.
Narator: As you peek through the open side window... 
Narator: Being as discreet as possible...
Narator: ...you see Violet leaving the cabin.
Me: (Huh, I wonder where Violet's going...)
Me: (Damn, she looks great in that swimsuit!)
Me: (Focus, [m!t].)
Narator: After Violet leaves, your attention is drawn toward Naomi's side of the room.
Me: (And... Naomi? Fooling around?)
Me: (WOAH! Uhhh... I didn't expect such a great surprise.)
Narator: Naomi unexpectedly turns around and spots you watching her change.
Naomi: [m!ct], what the hell! Spying on me once wasn't enough?!
Me: Naomi, it isn't what it looks like!
Naomi: You better climb your ass through that window and explain yourself!
Narator: Still awe-struck by what you saw...
Narator: ...it takes you a moment to collect yourself before climbing through the window.
Naomi: There, that's good. Now that you're in here...
Naomi: Sit. Down.
Me: *Gulp* (Naomi really knows how to be dominant.)
Naomi: Good. So, what were you doing spying on me?
Naomi: You liked what you saw so much you decided to do it again?
Naomi: You wanted a free show from such a fine lady?
Naomi: *Quietly* I bet you wish your girlfriend was hot like me...
Naomi: Well... {i}You know what?{/i}
Naomi: I think you're indebted to me...
Naomi: Especially for spying on me changing, just now.
Naomi: And, for your general insolence.
Me: What do you mean?
Naomi: You know what I mean.
Naomi: So. What do I want?
Naomi: Hmm... something juicy.
Me: (What the hell does she mean by juicy?)
Me: Uh... Sure. I do owe it to you, I guess.
Naomi: Wow, no resistance? Good.
        Narator: Did you report Naomi's phone
    Naomi: I've got an idea...
    Naomi: Come over here.
    Narator: Without much resistance you take a few steps toward Naomi.
    Narator: Until you're standing close together.
    Me: This good?
    Naomi: Yes. This'll do.
    Naomi: Now, wait just a second.
    Me: What?
    Naomi: Come here.
    Narator: As you reluctantly begin to come closer to her...
    Narator: Naomi pulls you by the arm to the bed.
    Narator: On top of her.
    Me: (What the fuck?! Why is she being so forceful?)
    Naomi: Good.
    Naomi: Now, I want you to get a good...
    Naomi: {i}Hard{/i}... look... at what's in front of you.
    Me: *Gulp* And then what...
    Naomi: Nothing, yet. Just look.
    Me: (Oh god. Why is she torturing me in such a weird way?)
    Me: (Does she get turned on by this?)
    Narator: Having your head forced down by Naomi...
    Narator: Staring at her sexy bikini bottom...
    Narator: ...and knowing the whole time what's underneath, waiting... turns you on.
    Me: (What the fuck?!)
    Me: (I'm getting a boner from a situation like {i}this?{/i})
    Me: (Hmm... It is pretty kinky...)
    Naomi: What's this?
    Naomi: Is this making you excited?
    Naomi: (I think he's waited long enough.)
    Naomi: Well, good. You've been patient.
    Narator: With that being said, Naomi takes her bikini bottom off...
    Narator: Revealing her perfect pussy.
    Narator: She grabs you by the hair and pulls your face to her wet pussy.
    Naomi: You waited, now {i}have me{/i}.
    Narator: You instinctually begin licking her pussy.
    Narator: The thrill of this passionate moment pushes everything else out of your mind.
    Naomi: Oh my god, [m!t]!
    Naomi: Keep going...
    Me: (What am I thinking?!)
    Naomi: Right there.
    Me: (Why can't I stop?!)
    Me: (Have these girls driven me crazy?)
    Naomi: *Moans* Stay... focused, [m!t].
    Naomi: Eat my pussy... more.
    Narator: Hearing her say such lewd things drives you wild.
    Narator: You start getting more into it and...
    Naomi: AAAaaaahh!
    Narator: Naomi pushes you away from her, stopping the orgasm.
    Naomi: (Shit, he almost made me... cum.)
    Naomi: (He's far better than I expected...)
    Naomi: I think I used you enough...
    Naomi: I'd say we're even now.
    Me: Good...
    Me: (What just happened? How did I lose control like that?)
    Me: I should... uhh...
    Me: I have to go wait at the dock.
    Naomi: Ciao, [m!t].
    Naomi: Oh, one more thing...
    Naomi: If you want more... I need to have you all to myself.
    Narator: Naomi blows you a kiss before putting her bikini bottom back on.
    Me: Bye.
    Me: (I need to get to the dock and act casual.)
    Me: (Maybe even throw some water on my face to regain composure.)
    Naomi: I've got an idea...
    Narator: Naomi lustily puts a finger to her lip.
    Narator: Stand up for me, [m!t].
    Me: Sure, Naomi.
    Me: (She has a strange look in her eyes... What's she planning?)
    Naomi: Take off your shirt, and shorts.
    Me: I can take off my shirt, but my shorts stay on.
    Naomi: You don't get to decide, peasant.
    Me: (What the fuck did she just call me?!)
    Naomi: The shorts come off too. Quickly now.
    Narator: Reluctantly, you take your swim shorts off. 
    Narator: Naomi's eyes immediately begin scanning your body.
    Naomi: Good. Now, hold still.
    Me: (What?)
    Narator: Suddenly, Naomi grabs the phone sitting on her bed.
    Me: (Ah fuck, why did I let her keep that?!)
    Naomi: Say cheese!
    Naomi: Now I've got something valuable from you.
    Naomi: That seems like fair compensation for before.
    Me: Fair?! {i}Yeah right{/i}.
    Naomi: You're right... I'm not being fair.
    Naomi: But... there's something else I want.
    Naomi: You may even like it.
    Me: If you're talking about fucking me...
    Naomi: You think I'd let you fuck me right here, right now?
    Me: Oh shit, you're right. Violet could be back any minute!
    Naomi: Don't worry. I know the beast well.
    Naomi: She went to take her usual post-yoga shower...
    Naomi: Which was delayed by Eve's announcement.
    Me: Naomi, ease up on Violet. Please.
    Naomi: Maybe I will, if you do what I ask.
    Naomi: No witty remark? Good.
    Naomi: Touch me.
    Me: *Chokes* What?!
    Narator: To your surprise, Naomi grabs your hands and presses them on her body.
    Narator: Your right hand on her pussy, and your left on her tits.
    Me: Hey...
    Naomi: Sssh! Just keep doing this.
    Narator: She grabs your hands harder... 
    Narator: ...squeezing and touching herself more firmly with your hands.
    Me: (What is it about these girls?!)
    Me: (Does being away from society really unleash our primal urges?!)
    Narator: You're unable to concentrate on contemplating that question further.
    Narator: As you're too aroused from the sight and feeling of what you're doing.
    Naomi: *Moans* Oh, [m!t]. Your cock is so hard.
    Narator: Her hand is drawn toward the huge cock twitching in front of her.
    Naomi: Touch me more.
    Narator: She takes off her swimsuit and brings your hands back to their positions.
    Narator: Now, your hands are touching her bare skin...
    Me: (She's driving me crazy! I can't think straight...)
    Naomi: If you don't, I might feel like sharing that picture with everyone.
    Me: (What?!)
    Naomi: *Giggles* Maybe Violet and I could bond over that?
    Me: (You're trying to blackmail me? I'll show you...)
    Narator: To Naomi's surprise...
    Narator: The two fingers previously playing with her clit are thrust inside of her.
    Naomi: *Gasp* [m!t]!
    Naomi: WHAT THE FUCK!?
    Narator: Naomi slaps you across the face for that unwanted surprise.
    Narator: Dazed from the slap, Naomi pulls your fingers out of her pussy.
    Naomi: You think you get to decide how this goes?!
    Me: (Wha...)
    Naomi: Oh, {i}no, no, no...{/i}
    Naomi: If you want to go {i}that{/i} far, you'll need to be all mine.
    Me: (Okay, that was a big mistake...)
    Naomi: I'm not the kind of girl who likes to share her toys...
    Naomi: Do you understand?
    Me: Mhm. (Oh, I understand.)
    Narator: Angry that Naomi slapped you...
    Narator: A cruel thought of revenge comes into your mind.
    Me: (She fucking slapped me! The least I can do is tease her nipples...)
    Me: (To get back at her.)
        Me: (To get back at her.)
            Me: (Take this!)
            Naomi: *Gasp* AAAHH!
            Narator: Naomi trembles in the tidal waves of orgasm crashing over her.
            Narator: She nearly falls to her knees as her legs give way.
            Naomi: What's your fucking problem, peasant!?
            Me: That's for acting pretentious, and slapping me.
            Naomi: You asshole!
            Naomi: Now I'll definitely show this picture to everyone.
            Naomi: Just you wait!
            Me: (Ah shit...)
            Me: (What can of worms did I open now?)
            Naomi: Get out!
            Narator: You get out of the cabin as quickly as you can.
            Narator: Without attracting attention to yourself, of course.
            Me: (I should go to the dock and act casual.)
            Me: (Like I've been there the whole time.)
            Me: (Nah. That's a {i}TERRIBLE{/i} idea.)
            Narator: You decide against pinching her nipple.
            Naomi: Okay... I think we're even, now.
            Naomi: You should get out of here. The \"activities\" will start soon.
            Me: You're right. I need to go wait at the dock.
            Me: You better keep your end of the bargain.
            Naomi: I intend to.
            Naomi: Ciao, [m!t].
            Me: Arrivederci.
            Me: (I can't believe this just happened...)
            Me: (Act casual, [m!t]. To the dock.)
Narator: After making your way to the girls' campground...
Narator: ...you are curious to see what they're up to.
Me: (I should see what the girls are up to...)
Me: (Make sure they're not lollygagging.)
Narator: You make your way over to the side of Stacy and Belle's cabin.
Narator: As you peek through the window as cautiously as possible...
Narator: Trying to be as stealthy as you can...
Me: (I really need to improve my sneak skill...)
Me: (My past \"attempts\" have been awful.)
Narator: You peek your head just high enough above the window-sill to see inside.
Me: Hmm...
Narator: Your eyes scan the room.
Narator: You're surprised to see Stacy and Belle in the act of changing.
Me: (Oh shit, I had no clue they'd be changing!)
Me: (But, it's such a nice view...)
Me: (I just hope Belle's Spidey Sense isn't tingling right now.)
Me: (She has been strangely good at catching me spying...)
Narator: You continue to look through the window.
Narator: Watching the girls try on various swimsuits.
Me: (Why are they taking so long? Just choose one already.)
Narator: Finally, they appear to have chosen the swimsuits for the activity.
Me: (I think they're done changing, I should get out of here.)
Narator: As you sneak away, there is a creeping fear in your mind...
Narator: That Belle knew you were watching them.
Me: (I'm sure Belle didn't see me...)
Me: (But, still... it's hard to shake the feeling that she did.)
Me: (Better get to the dock and wait for the girls.)
Narator: You arrive at the dock and wait for the girls to show up.
Narator: You look across the lake and, for a moment, are in a zen state.
Me: This camp can actually be really peaceful...
Me: ...despite the guests.
Narator: Your moment of peace is interrupted by Kiara, leading the girls to the dock.
Kiara: Talking to yourself?
Kiara: Maybe you'll be Eve's next patient.
Me: Ha-ha. Good joke Kiara.
Me: I'm just enjoying the view.
Belle: I think an even better view is right behind you, [m!t].
Me: {i}Hey girls.{/i}
Narator: Kiara stops the group in front of [m!t].
Narator: She turns around to face the girls.
Kiara: Ladies, today we'll be doing some simple synchronized swimming routines.
Kiara: Nothing too complicated.
Kiara: Dr. Eve wanted to make sure you don't go too far out of your comfort zones.
Stacy: I don't particularly enjoy swimming at all...
Stacy: Especially not when the water's so cold.
Kiara: I'm sorry to hear that, Stacy, but you'll need to participate.
Kiara: You all need to work together, in harmony, to make this a breeze.
Me: (That'll be a miracle if it happens.)
Kiara: [m!ct], you'll stand watch on the dock as a lifeguard.
Kiara: Make sure all the girls are safe, and if something goes wrong...
Me: Jump in to save the day. Got it.
Kiara: Exactly. Easy enough, right?
Me: Yep.
Belle: {i}My hero!{/i}
Kiara: Belle, quit it.
Kiara: Ladies... Time to get in the lake.
Narator: Like the sirens of legends, the girls gracefully jump into the lake.
Stacy: Heavenly flame, this water is ice cold!
Violet: I think it's pretty refreshing.
Belle: {i}So{/i} refreshing.
Belle: [m!ct] is really missing out, standing in the hot sun.
Naomi: Poor thing.
Me: Kiara, you're not getting in?
Kiara: Oh, you're right!
Kiara: Silly me, I forgot.
Kiara: (Or... maybe I wanted to make sure your eyes stay on me.)
Narator: Standing beside you, as the last of the ladies to get in the water...
Narator: Kiara wraps herself with a towel and changes.
Kiara: Just a second!
Narator: She changes in record time, and drops the towel abruptly.
Me: (Gulp.)
Narator: Giving you a mini-heart attack, before you notice she's in her swimwear.
Narator: She lowers herself off the dock quickly, and joins the girls.
Kiara: Come on, girls. Follow me.
Narator: They all swim toward the middle of the lake and begin their exercise.
Narator: At first, you're completely confused by what they're doing.
Me: (What are they doing?)
Narator: After a bit of a \"warm up\" they begin to swim more gracefully...
Narator: And, after some more time, they become synchronized.
Me: (Wow, they're actually getting it.)
Me: Great job, girls!
Narator: The girls don't pay attention to your comment.
Narator: Instead, they continue to follow Kiara's lead.
Narator: Until...
Belle: HELP!! HEEELP!!!!
Kiara: [m!ct], help her!
Me: (Oh shit! Belle's drowning!)
Narator: You swiftly take off your shirt and dive into the lake.
Narator: It only takes a few seconds for you to swim to Belle.
Belle: HELP! [m!t]!
Narator: Belle grabs you, and you struggle to keep your head above the water.
Narator: Remembering a lifesaving course you took last summer...
Narator: ...your body and mind spring to action and assume a lifeguard hold on Belle.
Me: Come on, Belle! You're gonna make it!
Narator: You manage to get her to the far shore of the lake, quickly.
Me: Come on, Belle! Don't give up on me!
Narator: Remembering bits and pieces of your CPR training from years back...
Narator: You check Belle's pulse by touching her neck.
Me: (Shit! I'm so panicked I can't get a good read on her pulse.)
Narator: Next, you check her breathing...
Narator: ...but don't feel any air coming out of her mouth.
Me: I don't think she's breathing! I have to do CPR!
Narator: The other girls are making their way across the lake as you give Belle mouth-to-mouth.
Me: Come on! Come on!
Narator: As you're giving Belle the life saving kiss...
Belle: *Whispers* Kiss me again, [m!t].
Me: What? Belle!
Narator: Belle steals another kiss from you before dropping back to the ground.
Belle: *Giggling* This was SUCH a great prank!
Belle: I even got a little something extra out of it.
Narator: As Belle \"comes to,\" Kiara and the girls make it to shore.
Kiara: Belle! Are you okay?
Belle: I am now. [m!t]'s my heeeero.
Kiara: What happened?
Me: She decided to play a sick prank on me!
Kiara: What?!
Me: Yeah.
Me: She thought it would be funny to fake drowning...
Me: So she could trick me into kissing her.
Belle: That's not true. I didn't make you do CPR on me...
Belle: You're just not that good at realizing when someone's messing with you.
Kiara: Okay. Session's over, ladies!
Kiara: Belle, you better not pull a stunt like this again.
Kiara: Do you hear me?
Belle: I hear you loud and... Mostly loud, actually.
Kiara: Good...
Kiara: (Bitch...)
Me: (What the hell is wrong with her? I was freaking out!)
Kiara: We're done swimming for today.
Kiara: Go back to your cabins and get changed into something more athletic.
Naomi: Athletic? I refuse.
Kiara: Why? Physical activities are important...
Violet: To maintain a healthy body.
Kiara: Exactly what Violet said.
Naomi: Look, I just don't {i}do{/i} activities like that.
Naomi: I can't afford to damage my skin.
Kiara: Fine, Naomi. But you need to be there.
Kiara: Meet back at the volleyball field.
Narator: Listening to Kiara, the girls start walking to their cabins.
Kiara: *Whispers* Belle really is a loony bitch...
Me: *Chuckles* She's too much...
Kiara: I agree.
Kiara: And, she shouldn't mess with you... like that.
Me: (Is Kiara jealous?)
Me: Look, you're right. It was just a stupid prank...
Me: Let's head back to the house, Kiara.
Narator: You and Kiara walk back to the house together.
Narator: After making it to the second story landing, Kiara goes to her room and you go to yours.
Narator: Once inside your room, you change into your athletic clothing.
Narator: As you sit there, you look out the window in contemplation.
Me: (The ride never ends on the crazy train...)
Me: (I'm just glad to have this moment to collect my thoughts in peace.)
    Me: (I mean, what happened with Naomi was insane...)
    Me: (I can't believe I let myself get so carried away...)
    Me: (But I secretly... enjoyed it?)
    Me: (Why am I doing? I have a smoking-hot babe waiting for me...)
    Me: (But the distance ended up being a big issue.)
    Narator: Your gaze eventually drifts from the window...
    Narator: Toward your phone sitting beside you on the bed.
    Me: (I wonder if Jane sent me any messages.)
    Me: (I mean... I spied on Stacy and Belle!)
    Me: (I just wanted to see if they were wasting time...)
    Me: (And ended up in a situation where I'm a perv.)
    Me: (But I'm sure they didn't see me. Even with Belle's unnatural perception.)
    Me: (Why did I keep looking, though...)
    Me: (I have a smoking-hot babe waiting for me...)
    Me: (But the distance ended up being a bigger issue than I thought it'd be.)
    Narator: Your gaze eventually drifts from the window...
    Narator: Toward your phone sitting beside you on the bed.
    Me: (I wonder if Jane sent me any messages.)
    Me: (Well, the lake was pretty peaceful.)
    Me: (And it only got better once the girls showed up.)
    Me: (Everybody in their perfectly-fitted bikinis...)
    Me: (God damn, they were lookin' hot!)
    Me: (Almost {i}too{/i} hot.)
    Me: (Fuck... Why am I fantasizing about them like that?)
    Me: (I have a smoking-hot babe waiting for me...)
    Me: (But the distance ended up being a big issue.)
    Narator: Your gaze eventually drifts from the window...
    Narator: Toward your phone sitting beside you on the bed.
    Me: (I wonder if Jane sent me any messages.)
Narator: You pick up your phone and unlock it.
Narator: On the home screen you see that you have some new messages from Jane.
Jane: Hey [m!t]. Sorry I missed your call, and messages.
Jane: I've been doing a lot of thinking...
Jane: Can we talk? Now?
Narator: You sit there wondering why her tone has changed so much.
Me: Something's up with Jane...
Me: I better call her.
Narator: You call Jane.
Me: (Still not picking up... I wonder what she's doing.)
Me: (Is she letting it ring on purpose?)
Narator: Alone with your thoughts, the dial tone being your only company...
Narator: You become more and more anxious.
Me: (Oh god... what if she figured it out?)
Me: (She isn't stupid...)
Me: (Oh shit...)
Narator: The phone rings for a little while longer, before she picks up.
Jane: Hi, [m!t]. How are you?
Me: I'm good, babe.
Me: You sure made me wait... What's wrong?
Jane: You know what's wrong...
Me: I really don't.
Jane: I know you can feel it...
Jane: The distance.
Me: Yeah... I do miss you.
Jane: And I miss you too. It's just...
Jane: ...too much.
Me: What?
Jane: It's too hard to keep doing this.
Me: Is...
Me: Is there someone else?
Jane: No... No.
Jane: Of course not. But, I just... don't know.
Me: You want to take a break...
Me: Because of the distance?
Jane: Yes. Maybe... I don't know...
Jane: I also have this feeling...
Me: (Oh shit, she does know!)
Me: Go on?
Jane: That I'm holding you back.
Jane: The last time we talked about the patients, you had this...
Jane: ...excitement in your voice.
Me: Jane... No... I...
Narator: Not sure whether or not you should tell Jane the truth, you pause for a moment.
Me: (Should I tell her what's been going on?)
Me: (I don't know. I don't want to hurt her any more.)
Me: (But, she also deserves the truth...)
    Me: (But, she also deserves the truth...)
        Narator: You decide to tell Jane the truth about what's been happening at Red Falls.
        Me: Well...
        Me: Okay.
        Jane: {i}What?{/i}
        Me: I have something to tell you.
        Jane: Oh no...
        Me: The girls... The patients, here...
        Me: They're crazy!
        Jane: That's no way to talk about them.
        Me: I mean it. Almost all of them are constantly trying to...
        Jane: Fuck you?
        Jane: Oh no...
        Jane: You didn't...
        Jane: Did you?
        Me: I didn't! I swear...
        Jane: That pause sounds like it'll be followed by a \"but.\"
        Me: But... I have been close with some of them.
        Jane: {i}How could you?!{/i}
        Me: They forced themselves on me, in some cases using blackmail...
        Jane: Sure.
        Me: I swear! That's the truth...
        Jane: Look... For my own sake...
        Jane: I'll believe you.
        Jane: Because believing you'd willingly do something like this to me...
        Jane: It just hurts too much.
        Me: Jane...
        Jane: You know...
        Jane: I guess I can sympathize with those... {i}girls{/i}... in some weird way.
        Jane: I couldn't resist you, after all.
        Me: Jane... please.
        Me: I was trying my best to keep them away.
        Me: I'm so sorry.
        Jane: Don't be.
        Jane: But... this just proves one thing.
        Jane: The distance is too much.
        Jane: Things... keep getting in between us.
        Jane: It's breaking my heart a little more every day.
        Me: Jane...
        Jane: No, [m!t]... It's okay, really.
        Me: What?
        Jane: I don't want our feelings to hurt us...
        Jane: I think we just need some time alone.
        Me: (Time alone? Is it really over?)
        Me: I care about you... so much, Jane.
        Jane: And I care about you.
        Jane: Maybe, if you still care after the summer... we can decide what to do.
        Jane: *Sigh* Or, maybe we'll realize this is a huge mistake.
        Me: I wouldn't be against that.
        Jane: Good. Then... I guess that's it, for now.
        Me: Yeah... I guess it is.
        Jane: Thanks... Thanks for being honest with me.
        Jane: I have to go now... Bye, [m!t].
        Narator: Jane makes a kiss noise through the phone and hangs up.
        Narator: You can almost hear the tears falling down her cheek, as she hangs up.
        Me: Well... that's it, I guess.
        Me: (This was way harder than I expected. Fuck...)
        Narator: You lie back on the bed, looking up at the ceiling.
        Me: (Maybe it's time to live in the moment...)
        Me: (Oh shit! I need to meet back at the volleyball field.)
        Narator: You decide to spare Jane the truth, as it would only hurt her.
        Me: I just think this is hard for both of us...
        Me: And I sounded excited because I was talking to you.
        Jane: You say that... But I don't hear that same excitement now.
        Me: The distance is hard...
        Jane: It is...
        Jane: But that's not it.
        Jane: I can tell you're not being truthful with me.
        Me: (Oh fuck...)
        Jane: You push me aside...
        Jane: ...and then think I'm so stupid I can't tell when you're lying to me?
        Me: No, Jane... I swear...
        Jane: I think we've both drifted away from each other...
        Jane: And, not just because of the distance.
        Me: I should have told you everything that was happening.
        Jane: It's too late for that now...
        Me: (SHIT!)
        Jane: I think we should spend some time apart.
        Me: What?
        Jane: I don't want our love to hurt us...
        Jane: I think we just need some time alone.
        Me: (Time alone? Is it really over?)
        Jane: Especially after this.
        Me: I care about you... so much, Jane.
        Jane: And I care about you.
        Jane: But... this clearly isn't working right now.
        Jane: Maybe, if you still care after the summer... we can decide what to do.
        Jane: *Sigh* Or, maybe I'll realize this is a {i}huge{/i} mistake.
        Me: I wouldn't be against that.
        Jane: Good. Then... I guess that's it, for now.
        Me: Yeah... I guess it is.
        Jane: I have to go now... Bye, [m!t].
        Narator: Jane makes a kiss noise through the phone and hangs up.
        Narator: You can almost hear the tears falling down her cheek, as she hangs up.
        Me: Well... that's it, I guess.
        Me: (This was way harder than I expected. Fuck...)
        Narator: You lie back on the bed, looking up at the ceiling.
        Me: (Maybe it's time to live in the moment...)
        Me: (Oh shit! I need to meet back at the volleyball field.)
Narator: You exit your room onto the second story landing.
Narator: At the top of the stairs...
Narator: You hear Emily and Eve discussing something downstairs.
Me: (I wonder what they're talking about?)
Me: (Should I eavesdrop to hear more?)
    Me: (Should I eavesdrop to hear more?)
        Narator: You decide to eavesdrop on their conversation.
        Me: (They really are doing their best to be secretive...)
        Me: (But why?)
        Narator: You make your way down the first two steps to hear them more clearly.
        Emily: I don't know how to feel about it.
        Eve: Don't rush your feelings. They will come.
        Emily: I hope so. It's really confusing me.
        Narator: Emily feels like she's being watched, and takes a look around.
        Emily: Hmm... Sorry. I thought I heard something.
        Me: (How does she know I'm here? I'm being perfectly stealthy!)
        Eve: I didn't hear anything.
        Emily: What do you think I should do?
        Eve: Well, you could wait and see if your feelings go away or...
        Eve: ...you could tell him.
        Eve: Then you'll know for sure.
        Eve: Maybe it's mutual.
        Emily: I doubt it. He doesn't seem to notice me.
        Eve: You could make him notice you...
        Emily: Hmm... I'll try and see how it goes.
        Narator: You're really intrigued by this guy Emily is talking about.
        Me: (I wonder who he is...)
        Me: Does she mean... me?
        Narator: Emily and Eve's talk leaves you confused...
        Narator: ...so you intend to find out more.
        Narator: You decide to go downstairs as casually as you can.
        Me: Hi, Eve. Hey, Emily.
        Emily: Jesus! You startled me.
        Emily: How long have you been standing there?
        Me: Not that long. I just finished my shower.
        Narator: It seems Emily has bought your white lie.
        Emily: Well, okay. Do you know where you need to be?
        Me: Yep, the volleyball field.
        Me: I'll be off, then. See you later!
        Narator: You decide against eavesdropping on their clearly private conversation.
        Me: (I already overstep my bounds with the \"etiquette issues\"...)
        Me: (Better just head downstairs.)
        Narator: You continue downstairs, cutting Eve and Emily's conversation short.
        Eve: *Unintelligible* Oh. Hello, [m!t].
        Me: Hi, Eve. Hey, Emily.
        Emily: Jesus! You startled me.
        Emily: How long have you been standing there?
        Me: Oh, I finished my shower and came downstairs just now.
        Narator: It seems Emily has bought your white lie.
        Emily: Well, okay then. Shouldn't you be somewhere else?
        Me: Yep, Red Rover at the volleyball field.
        Emily: Chop chop then!
        Me: Bye, Emily. Eve.
        Eve: See you later, [m!t].
Narator: You finish speaking to Emily and Eve, open the front door and leave the house.
Emily: You don't think he was listening to our conversation...
Eve: No. [m!t] would never do that.
Narator: You finally arrive at the volleyball field.
Narator: To your surprise, everybody is already there.
Narator: Waiting for you.
Me: (Damn, they really chose the right outfits for today.)
Me: (Oh crap, I wonder how long they've been waiting.)
Me: Sorry to keep everybody waiting!
Kiara: [m!ct], you're finally here.
Me: Hi, girls.
Narator: The girls are ogling you far more than you were ogling them, a moment ago.
Me: So, let's get to it. Kiara, what do we do?
Kiara: I could have sworn you've played Red Rover as a kid, [m!t].
Me: Oh, I have. I just wanted to let you lead.
Me: Some of the girls might not know how to play.
Kiara: Oh. That's very thoughtful of you, [m!t].
Kiara: SO! Ladies!
Kiara: First, form a line side-by-side, and hold each others' hands.
Kiara: You too, [m!t].
Narator: You end up standing in between Stacy and Violet, holding their hands.
Violet: I approve of this lineup.
Stacy: As do I. Let us share our warmth.
Kiara: Okay, now that you're all lined up...
Kiara: Wait a second...
Kiara: Naomi, you're really not going to join us?
Naomi: No way! You heard what I said before.
Naomi: My skin is too delicate to play in the dirt.
Kiara: Okay. {i}Fine.{/i}
Kiara: We'll continue without Naomi.
Naomi: I'll get more out of this by watching, anyway.
Kiara: Next, we'll need a runner.
Kiara: To start...
Kiara: I'll show you how it's done.
Kiara: Ladies, and [m!t], hold on tight!
Kiara: Here I come!
Narator: Kiara tries to break through, but fails.
Kiara: Great job, defenders!
Kiara: I wasn't giving it my all since that was mostly for demonstration.
Me: Sure, sure.
Kiara: [m!ct]! Stop teasing me.
Me: Sorry.
Kiara: Now that you've seen what you'll be doing, I'll join the line.
Kiara: The next runner is...
Kiara: Belle!
Belle: Me first? Okay!
Belle: Here I come! Catch me, [m!t]!
Me: (What? She's going straight for me?!)
Narator: Belle vaulted over your defenses without too much effort.
Belle: Made it! Try to beat that!
Kiara: Great job, Belle. Next is Stacy!
Stacy: May the Heavenly Phoenix Lotus lend me strength!
Narator: Stacy rushes forward abruptly, with fire in her eyes.
Narator: But, as she runs into the human wall, she is ensnared.
Belle: Looks like your flame fizzled out, Stacy.
Stacy: Why must you say such things?
Kiara: Good attempt, Stacy. You'll get it next time.
Kiara: Violet, you're up!
Violet: I feel like this is a bit unfair...
Kiara: Don't worry about that. We'll do our best to stop you.
Violet: Okay...
Violet: Then, here goes nothing!
Narator: You see Violet lock eyes with you.
Narator: It's clear to you that she's taking it easy on the other girls... 
Narator: Singling you out as fair game.
Me: (Oh shit, she's sprinting straight towards me!)
Narator: A millisecond after that thought came to mind...
Narator: The powerful force of Violet's sprint impacts you.
Me: AAGHK!
Violet: (Oh no!)
Narator: As Violet tackles you, your lips nearly touch.
Violet: (Oh my God! What just happened?!)
    Violet: (I wish...)
    Violet: (I wish it did.)
    Narator: Violet lies there for a moment, on top of you, before she realizes.
    Violet: [m!ct], are you okay?
    Violet: (Oh my god, did I kill him?)
    Me: (Am I dead?)
    Me: Are you... an angel?
    Violet: (He's cute even when he's concussed...)
    Violet: [m!ct]! Can you hear me?
    Me: You don't need to yell...
    Me: I can hear you.
    Me: I'm fine. Just a little shaken.
    Violet: I'm so sorry... I didn't mean to hit you so hard.
    Me: I know you didn't. It's okay, Violet.
    Me: (I know you can't control your strength.)
    Me: *Chuckle* Just... take it easy on me next time.
    Violet: I'll make sure to be more gentle with you.
    Kiara: [m!ct], you took quite a hit.
    Violet: Again, sorry!
    Kiara: It's okay, Violet. It was an accident.
    Kiara: But, I think that'll be it for today's activities.
    Kiara: The sun is going to set pretty soon.
    Kiara: You can all change back into something more casual for the campfire tonight.
    Kiara: You all have some time to kill before that begins.
    Narator: Dismissed by Kiara, the girls head back to their campground.
    Me: And us?
    Kiara: Eve wanted us to meet her back at the house.
    Me: Lead the way.
    Violet: (We almost kissed!?)
    Violet: (I'd never want to kiss that douchebag...)
    Violet: (Oh, but I'm crushing him...)
    Me: (Am I dying?)
    Violet: (I should let him up...)
    Violet: (I'll just leave him there a little longer.)
    Narator: Violet eventually gets off of you, allowing you to breathe easier.
    Me: *Gasp* Oh... my god.
    Me: Why... did you...
    Violet: It was an accident, really.
    Violet: (But I did enjoy seeing you like that, a bit.)
    Violet: I'm really sorry.
    Me: I know...
    Me: (Did she do that on purpose?)
    Me: It's fine. I'll live...
    Me: (But it'll take me a while to recover.)
    Violet: Good. I don't know what I'd do if you died.
    Violet: (I actually could have hurt him...)
    Violet: (I can't keep holding a grudge against him...)
    Violet: (Something terrible could happen to him if I do.)
    Kiara: [m!ct], are you okay?!
    Kiara: Violet took you down pretty hard...
    Me: I'm fine, really.
    Me: No need to worry, Kiara.
    Me: And... don't feel guilty. Violet. I know it was an accident.
    Violet: (He's being too kind...)
    Violet: (Now I feel even worse.)
    Violet: Thanks... [m!t].
    Violet: I'll make sure to be more gentle with you.
    Kiara: I think that'll be it for today's activities.
    Kiara: The sun is going to set pretty soon.
    Kiara: You can all change back into something more casual for the campfire tonight.
    Kiara: You all have some time to kill before that begins.
    Narator: Dismissed by Kiara, the girls head back to their campground.
    Me: And us?
    Kiara: Eve wanted us to meet her back at the house.
    Me: Lead the way.
Narator: You and Kiara talk as you walk back to the house.
Kiara: So, how is everything, besides the broken bones?
Me: *Chuckle* I'm okay. Nothing broken.
Me: You know, you were right about earlier.
Kiara: What do you mean?
Me: When you told me that my relationship with Jane was a summer fling...
Kiara: [m!ct]... What happened?
Me: Jane and I are taking a break.
Kiara: (\"Taking a break.\" If I had a dollar for every time I heard that...)
Kiara: I'm sorry to hear that...
Me: No, it's for the best.
Me: With everything happening here...
Me: And, the distance...
Me: It just wasn't meant to be. For now.
Kiara: I hope what I said didn't cause this...
Me: It didn't, Kiara. There was a rift forming between Jane and I.
Kiara: (I'm sad to hear this from [m!t].)
Kiara: (But, a part of me is...)
Kiara: I understand.
Me: (Kiara's being so empathetic. She really wants me to be happy, huh?)
Kiara: Well...
Kiara: Now that you're a free man... What are you going to do?
Me: I don't know. I guess... \"the world's my oyster,\" now.
Me: (I haven't really thought about that, actually...)
Kiara: That's a good approach. Don't go too crazy, though.
Kiara: (Unless it's with me.)
Me: I won't. I'm sure Eve will keep me eternally busy from now on, anyway.
Kiara: Maybe you'll get lucky and she'll ease up on you.
Me: The Guidelines won't, though.
Kiara: (Is he really thinking that much about the girls?)
Kiara: Well... My last piece of advice to you is this.
Kiara: What Eve doesn't know won't hurt her.
Me: (Is Kiara really giving me advice on how to hook up with the girls?!)
Kiara: Just... don't forget about me.
Me: How could I?
Me: (For this I'll never forget you, Kiara.)
Narator: You and Kiara make it back to the house.
Narator: Kiara sits on the couch and you go upstairs to take another shower.
Me: (I should take another shower.)
Me: (Hopefully tomorrow we won't be doing activities that make me so sweaty.)
Me: (The summer is really heating up...)
Narator: You quickly grab a change of clothes from your room.
Narator: You approach the bathroom door, and hear someone is inside.
Me: (Oh, I guess the bathroom is occupied.)
Narator: As you stand there waiting...
Narator: You hear a quiet moaning coming from the other side of the door.
Me: (Is someone... Masturbating?)
Me: (Emily? No, the voice sounds too mature.)
Me: (Then it must be...)
Me: *Gulp* (Eve?)
Narator: As you stand there listening to Eve moan...
Narator: You begin to feel the blood rushing to your cock.
Me: (Ah shit, why is this making me horny?)
Me: (Better interrupt her so I can take a shower and end this awkward moment.)
Me: (Should I knock before I enter... or not?)
    Me: (Should I knock before I enter... or not?)
        Narator: You decide to be a decent human being and knock.
        Eve: Who is it? I'm almost done!
        Narator: You hear her rinse off a bit more, before she turns off the shower.
        Narator: You hear the shower door open and close, and then footsteps leading to the door.
        Me: It's just me. I wanted to take a shower.
        Eve: Oh. Hello, [m!t].
        Me: Hey, Eve. Sorry to cut your shower short.
        Eve: It's fine. I was just finishing up anyway.
        Me: (Finishing up? It sure did sound like that.)
        Eve: I hope I didn't keep you waiting.
        Me: It's okay. I wasn't waiting that long.
        Eve: (Hopefully he didn't hear me.)
        Eve: Good. Well, I'll leave you to it, [m!t].
        Me: Thanks, Eve. See you later.
        Eve: See you later, [m!t].
        Narator: As usual, you try to enter the bathroom without remembering to knock.
        Narator: To your surprise, the door is locked.
        Me: (Oh, it's locked.)
        Narator: Whoever is inside made a smart choice in locking the door.
        Eve: [m!ct]! Is that you?!
        Narator: You hear the shower stop and Eve stomp across the bathroom to the door.
        Eve: What did I say about not knocking!
        Me: I'm sorry, Eve! It slipped my mind.
        Eve: As it always does.
        Eve: (He really needs to learn some manners!)
        Me: I just wanted to take a shower.
        Eve: So you tried to barge in on mine?
        Me: I... Uhh... Yes.
        Eve: Quite rude, [m!t].
        Me: Sorry about that.
        Eve: Well, since you already interrupted my shower, I guess you can have it.
        Eve: I was just about finished, anyway.
        Me: (It {i}did{/i} sound like that...)
        Me: Thanks, Eve. See you later.
        Eve: Goodbye, [m!t]. Knock from now on.
Narator: You finish talking to Eve and enter the bathroom.
Narator: Closing the door behind you, and locking it, before you shower.
Me: *Chuckle* (Don't want anyone barging in... like I tend to do.)
Narator: As you shower...
Narator: You reminisce about everything that has happened the past few days.
Narator: How Naomi's tit fell out... perfectly into your mouth.
Narator: How you watched Belle get pleasured by Stacy...
    Narator: You remember Stacy...
    Narator: How she begged for your help...
    Narator: Begged for release.
    Narator: How she guided your hands across her body. Using them to help herself.
    Narator: You remember the intense heat her body gave off...
    Narator: ...and how it felt pressed against you.
    Narator: Most of all...
    Narator: You remember the cry of pleasure you silenced with your hand...
    Narator: ...and her body's intense reaction to that.
    Narator: You remember Violet...
    Narator: Specifically, the moment you shared with her in the shower.
    Narator: Her alluring gaze pops into your mind.
    Narator: The way she looked at your cock... hungrily.
    Narator: You become more tense, as you recall the situation.
    Narator: How you could only look... not touch.
    Narator: A part of you wished you could have just taken her right there...
    Narator: But the fact you couldn't only made the moment more intense.
    Me: (Violet...)
    Me: (When will you open up to me, fully?)
    Narator: You remember Naomi...
    Narator: And her dominance.
        Narator: So dominant... she made you get on your knees.
        Narator: How close her pussy was to your face, yet so far.
        Narator: How much you wanted to lean forward and begin licking it.
        Narator: You become more wound up by the thoughts...
        Narator: She made you wait, and stare at it.
        Narator: It made you go crazy on the inside...
        Narator: You remember how she grabbed your head and let you come close.
        Narator: How you ate her pussy like a wild animal tasting a fine steak for the first time.
        Narator: These thoughts cause that feeling to well back up. Driving you mad.
        Narator: How she blackmailed you.
        Narator: You wish you hadn't let her keep her phone.
        Narator: Despite a part of you knowing without it, what happened earlier wouldn't have happened.
        Me: (I'm glad I let Naomi keep her phone. Even with the blackmail.)
        Narator: Your memories refocus on touching her body.
        Narator: First, more gently, but increasingly strong.
        Narator: Her warm, wet pussy on your hand dominates the memory.
        Narator: You remember her moans...
        Narator: The noises she made.
        Narator: It makes you go a bit crazy.
        Narator: Especially remembering the noises she made when she climaxed.
Narator: You suddenly realize you've been stroking your cock intensely...
Narator: For a while.
Narator: You continue, while reminiscing on the sexiest encounters you've had at Red Falls...
Narator: Before another memory comes into your mind.
Me: (Oh shit! I never did get my answer for that encounter...)
Narator: The memory makes you stop stroking, and your cock goes soft.
Me: (Why'd that have to pop into my mind now?!)
Me: (I was so close...)
Me: (Whatever. I need to finish up already.)
Narator: You finish your shower and get changed.
Narator: Not knowing what your next task will be, you decide to go downstairs.
Narator: As you make your way downstairs... 
Narator: You see Eve and Emily sitting on the couch.
Eve: There you are.
Emily: Hey, [m!t]!
Me: Hi Eve. Hey Emily.
Me: (I'll never get a chance to confront her.)
Eve: I know it may feel like you never rest...
Eve: But I have another task for you.
Me: *Grumbles* Oh yeah?
Eve: I swear it's the last one for today.
Eve: You've done a great job today.
Eve: I really do have to hand it to you.
Me: Well, thanks Eve.
Eve: Anyway, I need you to go collect kindling and start the fire.
Eve: The sun is setting, so you don't have much light left.
Me: So, I better be quick?
Eve: If you don't want to work in the dark.
Eve: I hear you're... prone to clumsiness.
Me: (Was that a joke?)
Me: Maybe I was born with two left feet.
Eve: You should go get one of the campers to help you.
Eve: To save time.
Eve: Don't pull any funny business. Okay?
Me: I wouldn't dare. The Guidelines shall be respected and obeyed at all times.
Eve: Oh, and take this. You'll need it.
Me: Thanks!
Me: I must be off!
Me: (My investigative eyes are still on you... Emily.)
Me: (Collect kindling and start the fire...)
Me: (I know the {i}perfect{/i} cultist to ask for help.)
Narator: As you approach the girls' campground, you notice someone.
Narator: Stacy is sitting on the stairs in front of her cabin...
Narator: Looking off into the distance.
Me: Hi, Stacy. Am I interrupting?
Stacy: Oh, hello [m!t]. No, I was just practicing a form of meditation.
Me: Meditation? It looked like you had a stroke.
Stacy: *Giggles* No, no. I would look very different if I did.
Stacy: Why have you graced me with your presence, [m!t]?
Me: Oh, right.
Me: I need your help, but I think you'll enjoy this.
Stacy: I would enjoy doing many things with you...
Me: (Is she flirting with me again?)
Me: That's nice to hear, Stacy.
Me: For now, I just need your help collecting firewood...
Stacy: *Gasp* Yes?
Me: And kindling.
Narator: Stacy cannot help but let out a tiny happy squeal.
Stacy: Oh, thank you for picking me, [m!t]!
Stacy: You allow me to offer tribute to the Heavenly Phoenix Lotus.
Me: (I mean, if considering it a tribute makes you happy to do work...)
Me: Of course.
Me: There's no one more appropriate for the task at hand than you.
Me: Fire is your thing after all.
Stacy: Fire is the light of life, [m!t].
Me: Follow me. I'll lead the way.
Narator: You lead Stacy to a clearing under some trees.
Narator: Fairly close to the fire pit.
Me: Now that we're here, we should look around and collect the kindling.
Stacy: I am attuned to the kindling, for I am kindling to the H.P.L.
Me: Ooookay... (Did she just imply she'd like to jump in the fire?)
Me: The only kindling we need today is dry wood, though.
Stacy: *Giggle* I am aware. I was just messing with you.
Me: *Phew* You got me with that one, Stacy.
Stacy: Good. I enjoy the look on your face when you're flustered.
Narator: You and Stacy spend a little while collecting the right kindling.
Me: (You know, she isn't actually all that crazy.)
Me: (I'm having a nice time with her. And she's really... cute.)
Narator: Stacy notices you watching her as she collects kindling.
Narator: She turns to you and gives you a smile.
Narator: You smile back.
Me: Stacy, I think we collected enough kindling.
Stacy: I thought we were just beginning.
Stacy: That is a shame... The flames may still hunger for more tribute...
Me: Don't worry, Stacy.
Me: I'll make sure to get enough firewood to satisfy the flame.
Me: And your Heavenly Phoenix Lotus.
Stacy: That is very thoughtful of you, [m!t].
Stacy: You'll make quite a prime member of the flock...
Stacy: Should you choose to join me.
Me: I'm still considering it.
Me: (It'll just take me another few years to give you an answer...)
Stacy: Who shall prepare the tribute tonight?
Me: Huh?
Stacy: Uhm... Who will start the fire?
Stacy: You, or I?
    Stacy: You, or I?
        Narator: You see in her eyes how much it means to her...
        Narator: So you give in.
        Me: Since it would mean so much to you to... \"offer tribute.\"
        Stacy: Yeees...
        Me: I'll allow you to start the campfire tonight.
        Stacy: Ooooh! Thank you, [m!t].
        Stacy: Your kindness will be remembered... by the Heavenly Phoenix Lotus!
        Me: Anything for the H.P.L.
        Stacy: *Whispers* You will be rewarded well for this, [m!t].
        Narator: You are about to respond when Stacy comes in quickly...
        Narator: Giving you a short but passionate kiss.
        Stacy: There's more of that waiting for you.
        Me: (That was... so sexy. Stacy...)
        Stacy: For now, we must prepare.
        Me: You're right. We should bring the kindling to the fire pit.
        Narator: Still in a mild state of shock, you and Stacy walk to the fire pit.
        Narator: You see in her eyes how much it means to her...
        Narator: But, you also understand how dangerous that could be.
        Narator: For everybody at the camp, and for Stacy herself.
        Me: (Eve would kill me if she found out I let the cute pyromaniac start the fire...)
        Me: I'm sorry Stacy...
        Me: Eve would kill me if she found out I didn't start the fire.
        Narator: Stacy pouts, but looks as though she understands.
        Me: If you or another camper got burned...
        Me: Red Falls would be sued into bankruptcy.
        Stacy: You're probably correct...
        Stacy: However, I can't say I'm not disappointed.
        Me: Sorry, again.
        Stacy: You'll have to make it up to me some other way...
        Me: Anything, Stacy.
        Stacy: Okay. Then, we have a pact.
        Me: (A pact?)
        Me: (She better not be talking about a suicide pact...)
        Narator: Both of you take what you gathered and make your way to fire pit.
Narator: You drop the kindling off, and leave Stacy to it.
Me: Stacy, here's the rest of the kindling.
Me: I need you to prepare this while I go get the logs.
Stacy: May the Charred Kings keep you safe.
Me: Safe? There's nothing dangerous out here.
Stacy: *Giggle* I meant safe from yourself.
Stacy: You are prone to extreme clumsiness, from what I've witnessed.
Me: (Even she's pulling my leg?!)
Me: Ha-ha, that's a joke I've never heard before.
Narator: Stacy gives you a cute smile as you leave to get firewood.
Narator: It doesn't take long for you to arrive at the chopping stump.
Narator: You collect a decent amount of logs.
Me: (I think this should do it.)
Narator: You carefully carry the logs back to the fire pit.
Narator: Where Stacy is awaiting your return.
Stacy: [m!ct]! Finally, you've returned.
Stacy: With proper tribute, I see.
Me: Yep. Got enough to last us most of the night.
Stacy: Wonderful. The fire will burn... passionately.
Me: Anything for your H.P.L.
Stacy: Hmm... [m!t]?
Me: Yes?
Stacy: I feel your fire burning brighter than before...
Stacy: You seem...
Stacy: Light, like fallen ash.
Me: (Even though she seems aloof, she's actually pretty attentive.)
Me: Do I?
Me: To be honest... Jane and I broke up.
Stacy: Oh, [m!t]... I am sorry for you.
Me: It's fine... It's for the best.
Me: I feel so much less...
Stacy: Inner conflict? Turmoil?
Me: Yeah. I feel lighter.
Stacy: That's wonderful...
Stacy: I am here for you if you need to talk.
Me: Thanks, Stacy.
Me: For now, though...
Me: We need to start this fire.
    Me: Actually...
    Me: {i}You{/i} need to start the fire.
    Narator: Stacy's eyes glow passionately upon hearing this.
    Stacy: *Gasp* You would still allow me to pay tribute?
    Me: Who's a better choice to start the fire than you?
    Narator: Stacy gives [m!t] another quick kiss before beginning the preparations.
    Stacy: Then, let me begin...
    Narator: Stacy positions her body as if she were meditating...
    Narator: And closes her eyes...
    Narator: Before letting out a deep sigh and opening her eyes again.
    Stacy: I am nearly ready to begin.
        Narator: Stacy pulls a crumpled up piece of paper from the center of her bra.
        Me: (Is that... Violet's diagnosis?)
        Stacy: You gave this to me previously.
        Stacy: A piece of paper with immense value.
        Me: Yeah, it's Violet's...
        Stacy: Precisely. It will be the heart of the flame.
        Me: (A bit weird...)
        Me: (It's almost like burning a voodoo doll of Violet...)
        Me: This won't... put any curses on Violet, right?
        Stacy: Of course not. The Heavenly Phoenix Lotus forbids curses.
        Stacy: As I said. This will be the heart.
        Stacy: The kindling is the flesh.
        Stacy: And the logs, the bones.
        Me: (Why is she making it sound like we're burning a body?)
        Stacy: All the ingredients needed for a sacred tribute.
        Narator: Stacy stares intently at the unlit campfire.
        Narator: It surprises you that with a stare that intense the fire doesn't ignite.
        Me: (Is she trying to start the fire with her mind?)
        Me: (Like a pyrokinetic or something?)
        Stacy: I am assessing the components.
        Stacy: The kindling is the flesh.
        Stacy: And the logs, the bones.
        Stacy: But I do feel the fire is missing a little... heart.
        Me: (Why is she making it sound like we're burning a body?)
        Stacy: We will supply that bit later.
        Me: (What does she mean by that?)
        Stacy: For now, this will do...
        Stacy: It's an acceptable tribute.
    Stacy: With that, all we need is the spark of life.
    Narator: Stacy pulls a lighter out of her pocket.
    Narator: The lighter you let her keep.
    Me: (She keeps that on her at all times?!)
    Me: (Maybe I shouldn't have let her keep that after all...)
    Narator: Stacy gets closer to the fire and flicks the lighter.
    Me: (Damn her ass looks amazing...)
    Narator: The fire starts quickly, burning all the kindling and fuel quickly.
    Narator: The logs take a bit longer to ignite...
    Narator: But, once they do, they burn brilliantly.
    Stacy: Such a beautiful sight...
    Me: I also love a good campfire.
    Stacy: Thank you for tonight, [m!t]. And, for letting me keep my undying ember.
    Me: (Does she mean the lighter?)
    Stacy: I have not had the chance to pay tribute like this...
    Stacy: For a while.
    Me: (I'm just glad we didn't burn the camp down.)
    Me: It's nothing, Stacy.
    Narator: Stacy pulls you in for a gentle embrace...
    Narator: Kissing you on the neck as she holds you.
    Me: (Boner, don't you dare ruin this moment!)
    Narator: You hold each other a bit longer before Stacy lets you go.
    Stacy: We should be more... subtle.
    Me: You're right. Eve and the girls should be here soon.
    Stacy: Now, we need a spark...
    Me: Say no more.
    Narator: In a swift motion...
    Narator: You pull the lighter out of your pocket and present it to Stacy.
    Me: Here you go.
    Stacy: Thank you, [m!t].
    Narator: As Stacy takes the lighter from your palm, she gently touches your fingers.
    Me: (Her hands are so soft...)
    Narator: Stacy gets near the fire and flicks the lighter.
    Me: (Damn her ass looks good like that...)
    Narator: The fire starts quickly, burning all the kindling and fuel.
    Narator: The logs take a bit longer to ignite...
    Narator: But, once they do, they burn brilliantly.
    Stacy: Such a beautiful sight...
    Me: I also love a good campfire.
    Stacy: Thank you for tonight, [m!t].
    Stacy: I have not had the chance to pay tribute like this...
    Stacy: For a while.
    Me: (I'm just glad we didn't burn the camp down.)
    Me: It's nothing, Stacy.
    Narator: Stacy pulls you in for a gentle embrace...
    Narator: Kissing you on the neck as she holds you.
    Me: (Boner, don't you dare ruin this moment!)
    Narator: You hold each other a bit longer before Stacy lets you go.
    Stacy: We should be more... subtle.
    Me: You're right. Eve and the girls should be here soon.
    Me: Actually, I need to start the fire.
    Narator: Stacy gives you a look of disappointed understanding.
    Stacy: It's because of those guidelines...
    Me: Yeah. I'm really sorry Stacy.
    Stacy: It's okay. At least I get to be an observer.
    Stacy: And I can lead you in paying tribute correctly.
    Me: So... Am I doing it right?
    Stacy: First, you need to consider the components of the tribute.
    Me: (Consider the what?)
    Stacy: The kindling is the flesh.
    Stacy: And the logs, the bones.
    Stacy: But I do feel the fire is missing a little... heart.
    Me: (Why is she making it sound like we're burning a body?)
    Stacy: For now, this will do...
    Stacy: It is an acceptable tribute.
    Me: I think it'll be a good fire.
    Stacy: We are not only considering utility, [m!t].
    Stacy: Each fire is sacred.
    Stacy: The quality of the components dictate the flame's connection to the...
    Me: H.P.L. Right, I got it.
    Stacy: Yes. Exactly.
    Stacy: Next, you must provide it with the spark of life.
    Narator: Taking Stacy's cue...
    Narator: You bend over and light the fire with the lighter Eve gave you.
    Narator: The fire starts quickly, burning all the kindling and fuel quickly.
    Narator: The logs take a bit longer to ignite...
    Narator: But, once they do, they burn brilliantly.
    Stacy: Such a blessed sight...
    Me: I also love a good campfire.
    Stacy: May this fire please the Heavenly Phoenix-Lotus...
    Stacy: May the HPL envelop us in its golden-sparked plumage!
    Stacy: I am glad you chose me to help you with this, [m!t].
    Me: Well, you were a great help.
    Stacy: When will the others arrive?
    Me: Eve and the girls should be here soon.
Narator: You and Stacy spend a few more minutes looking into the fire...
Narator: Before Eve and the girls arrive.
Eve: Hello Stacy. [m!t].
Me: Hey Eve.
Stacy: Hello, Dr. Eve.
Eve: You guys really did a great job with the fire.
Me: Thanks, it was easy with Stacy's help.
Eve: I hope you supervised her.
Me: Of course. I made sure to keep things under control.
Eve: Great. Now, we can begin.
Eve: Ladies, take a seat around the campfire.
Eve: Wherever you feel most comfortable.
Eve: [m!ct], you can join us too. This could be helpful for you, as well.
Me: Really? This isn't going to be any deep psychoanalysis?
Eve: No. Tonight is something more lighthearted.
Belle: So, we're not playing spin the bottle?
Eve: No, Belle.
Belle: That's so lame.
Eve: You don't even know what we're doing yet...
Eve: Hey, you may even enjoy it.
Me: (What is Eve talking about?)
Eve: Tonight, we'll be playing the \"Life Highlights Game.\"
Eve: This is a game usually played during team building gatherings.
Naomi: I know. This is something my daddy has his subordinates play.
Naomi: He said it makes them more productive.
Naomi: In turn, making us richer.
Me: (She is {i}such{/i} a spoiled daddy's girl...)
Eve: Can I continue, Naomi?
Naomi: Go right ahead.
Eve: We'll go around the circle and talk about the biggest \"highlights\" of our lives.
Eve: Well... Of our lives so far.
Eve: To help you understand what I'm asking of you, I'll go first.
Me: (I wonder what Eve's highlights are?)
Eve: A highlight of my life is a trip I took a few years back.
Eve: I was working hard all year...
Me: (Huh... I haven't heard this story before.)
Eve: ...so I decided to treat myself.
Eve: I have dreamed of visiting Paris ever since I was a teenager.
Belle: Aww... Paris, how romantic!
Me: (Paris? Why is Paris so special?)
Eve: One night, I met a charming stranger.
Me: (I definitely haven't heard this one.)
Eve: His name was Émile, and he had the most piercing blue eyes I have ever seen.
Eve: I told him I wanted to float down the Canal Saint-Martin eating brie on baguettes.
Eve: A glass of fine red wine in my hand.
Eve: And he promised me he'd be the captain.
Eve: So... We went off on our date, and he kept his promise.
Eve: The weather was beautiful. It was a warm autumn day.
Eve: He arrived at the hotel with the baguettes, wine and brie...
Eve: Got all dressed up as a mime... and ferried me down the canal.
Belle: Really?! A mime?!
Eve: Yes.
Belle: What did you do to this man to make him be so romantic with you?
Eve: Belle, if you let me continue my story maybe you'll get your answer.
Narator: Hearing this, Belle quiets herself down and watches Eve attentively.
Me: (A mysterious man, wearing a mime outfit, ferrying Eve down a canal...)
Me: (I never thought I'd imagine that.)
Me: That really happened?
Eve: Yes, [m!t].
Belle: Wooow...
Belle: *Quietly* I hope I'm lucky enough to meet someone like him one day.
Eve: Another highlight of my life was building my career into what it is now.
Eve: I dreamed about helping people my whole life...
Eve: And now I have the opportunity to help.
Eve: That's all from me.
Eve: Violet, would you like to go next?
Violet: Sure, I can go next.
Violet: Well, my life's biggest highlight has to be...
Violet: Hmm... Probably the time I won gold at the Children's Gymnastics Nationals.
Violet: I trained 3 years for that event...
Violet: Then, two days after my 10th birthday I got to compete.
Violet: For me... that was the best birthday present I got that year.
Violet: And, it was a present from past me, to the me in that moment...
Violet: Me standing on that mark, ready to give it my all.
Violet: I heard the crowd fall silent as I prepared for my first step...
Violet: Actually, it was more of a leap.
Violet: A leap that led into the most flawless routine I've done.
Violet: Even to this day, that one is the most perfect.
Violet: When I finished, and landed on my feet, I raised my hands to the air.
Violet: The entire room remained silent...
Violet: Until the judges began clapping. The crowd followed.
Violet: I was famous for a day... But, I didn't love the limelight.
Violet: I loved that perfect moment when my form was flawless.
Violet: That's all from me.
Eve: Wow, Violet. Thank you for sharing that with us.
Eve: I'm sure you'll top that moment, in the future.
Violet: Thank you, Dr. Eve.
Eve: Okay, next up is Belle.
Eve: Please make sure to keep the highlight PG-13...
Belle: Well, that excludes like 90%% of my highlights, then...
Eve: I'm sure there are some in there that aren't exclusively lewd.
Me: (If only Eve knew that Belle's stories are {i}all{/i} lewd.)
Belle: Then, I think I have one.
Belle: I think my highlight is the day I started being an e-girl.
Eve: E-girl?
Belle: How to put it... A hot online girl that has an army of... \"fans.\"
Me: (Of course this is the highlight Belle brings up...)
Belle: Well. The day I began that hobby, I knew that was my destiny.
Belle: I got to dress up in sexy clothes...
Belle: ...and take them off.
Belle: All for my fans, who shower me in attention and money.
Belle: But, one thing it really did is unleash my sexuality.
Belle: I've never felt so free, yet also in control.
Belle: And, on top of it, I have tons of men under my thumb.
Belle: That sounds like a highlight to me.
Eve: Well, we're not here to judge.
Eve: So... thank you for sharing, Belle.
Belle: I just wish I could share {i}all the time.{/i}
Eve: If you could, then it wouldn't be as special. No?
Eve: Anyway, next up is Stacy.
Stacy: Thank you.
Stacy: There is no memory more worthy of this honor...
Stacy: Than when I was made one with the Heavenly Phoenix Lotus.
Me: (This sounds spicy.)
Stacy: I was just starting college, and I was a confused little girl.
Stacy: I was confused, purposeless.
Stacy: I did what all college students do.
Stacy: Partied, went wild, had tons of sex.
Stacy: But, I found no solace.
Stacy: After a few aimless months, I met a disciple...
Stacy: A bringer of truth. Of purpose.
Stacy: He brought me to where others of his flock gathered.
Me: (This took a quick turn...)
Stacy: They took me in. We became one.
Me: (Did she take part in some weird ritual orgy?!)
Stacy: I was reborn... with a purpose.
Belle: Stacy, it sounds like you had an orgy.
Stacy: We did not. That came later... During lessons.
Stacy: That night we became one with the sacred flame of the Heavenly Phoenix Lotus.
Stacy: Through meditation and ritual...
Me: (So there was a ritual... just no orgy.)
Stacy: We were embraced by the Charred Kings.
Stacy: Forged together. Like kin.
Stacy: That was the highlight of my life...
Stacy: Becoming a petal in the Heavenly Phoenix Lotus' corolla.
Eve: That was very poetic, Stacy. Thank you.
Eve: Naomi, are you ready?
Naomi: I'd rather not do this. But, okay.
Naomi: The highlight of my life is my entire life.
Naomi: *Laughs* Thank god I was born rich!
Eve: Naomi. Please take this more seriously.
Eve: You heard how honest the others were being...
Naomi: Ugh. Okay, fine.
Naomi: There was a time when I was little that my parents took me to our private island.
Naomi: I got to swim with dolphins, and bask in the sun.
Naomi: Things were simple... relaxing.
Naomi: That was a point in my life when my parents weren't always busy with work...
Naomi: Or hosting luncheons, or galas, or any of that shit.
Naomi: I actually just had a really nice time with my family.
Naomi: And we were having fun spending time together.
Naomi: That's it.
Eve: See? That wasn't so hard.
Eve: Thank you, Naomi.
Naomi: Yeah, yeah.
Eve: Well, [m!t]. What about you?
Me: Huh?
Eve: You've been sitting there quietly for a while.
Eve: Why don't you join us?
Eve: What is your highlight?
Me: (Oh shit, do I really have to do this?)
Me: Hmm...
Me: That's a hard question. I have a ton of highlights.
Eve: I'm sure any will suffice, [m!t].
Naomi: Come on, you have to spill it!
Stacy: The flame would like to hear your tales, too!
Violet: I wouldn't mind hearing one of your stories, [m!t].
Belle: We all know most of them are about me, right?
Me: How'd you know?
Belle: *Giggle* What? You're serious?
Me: Not exactly...
Me: You {i}were{/i} close, though, Belle.
Eve: Hmm?
Me: I'd have to say my highlight is the time I've gotten to spend here.
Me: At first, I was totally against it.
Me: Eve called me last minute, as well... asking me to come here, not taking no as an answer.
Me: Another summer lost to Red Falls...
Me: But, it actually hasn't been so bad.
Me: Other than the constant chores.
Me: I've had a good time being back here, and getting to know you all.
Eve: (Hopefully it's just that, and nothing more...)
Me: So, that's it. Thanks, everyone.
Eve: That was a bit... brief. Thank you anyway, [m!t].
Eve: I think we'll end it there. It's getting late...
Eve: However, all of you may spend a bit more time out here until the fire dies out.
Stacy: It will be a tragedy when it does.
Eve: Enjoy the rest of your night, everyone.
Narator: Eve gets up and walks away from the campfire.
Narator: Leaving you and the girls all alone.
Narator: A bit of a quiet falls over the group around the fire.
Narator: Until the silence is broken by Belle.
Belle: Now that the buzzkill is gone...
Belle: Let's have some {i}fun.{/i}
Belle: That's your cue, Naomi.
Naomi: Guess what I have...
Narator: Naomi reaches behind the bench she's sitting on and pulls out a bottle.
Belle: My old friend!
Belle: (I guess Naomi found my secret stash.)
Violet: What if Dr. Eve found that?
Naomi: I'd just blame it on [m!t].
Me: Wow. {i}Really?{/i}
Naomi: *Laughs* I'm serious, I swear!
Me: Should I be surprised?
Belle: Oh, come on. Give it here, Naomi!
Narator: In a swift motion, Belle gets up and takes the bottle from Naomi.
Naomi: Hey! You bitch!
Naomi: You better not drink it all.
Belle: You think I'm that desperate for a drink?
Naomi: I don't know. Your \"job\" seems preeetty hard...
Naomi: You must throw back a few tall glasses of vodka a day.
Belle: I just want to get in {i}the mood.{/i}
Me: (In the mood for {i}what?{/i})
Stacy: Let us just enjoy the fire as it burns...
Stacy: Pass the bottle to me, please.
Violet: I agree with Stacy. Let's all just relax.
Belle: Oh, does that mean Ms. Pro-Athlete will drink with us?
Violet: Well... I don't know.
Violet: (It is only 100 calories per shot...)
Violet: Hmm...
Naomi: So much thinking, so little action...
Violet: Okay, okay... Uh, can I have a sip?
Stacy: May the ashes be soft and warm on your skin.
Violet: Uhh... Okay. Thanks Stacy.
Violet: I'll take that as a yes.
Violet: (What was that look she gave me?)
Naomi: Get a room, you two.
Stacy: I was being polite.
Stacy: One must give the appropriate amount of eye contact when sharing a drink.
Me: (For a second I also thought Stacy wanted to fuck Violet!)
Me: (The thought is kinda turning me on, actually...)
Me: Violet, can you pass the bottle here?
Violet: Here you go, [m!t].
Me: That's a little something I learned at the frat parties.
Belle: Ooooh. Frat parties?
Belle: Did you learn to crush pussy there too, big man?
Me: *Laughs* I shouldn't say...
Narator: The group gets more comfortable the more they drink and talk.
Narator: Stacy is getting a bit sillier...
Narator: Violet more open and comfortable.
Narator: Naomi less pretentious.
Narator: Belle is still as horny as ever.
Me: *Hic* You know, I'm actually having a pretty good time with you girls.
Naomi: You say that like you weren't before.
Me: Well, I was, but...
Belle: Now you're free?
Me: What?
Me: (Shit, how did she find out Jane and I broke up?)
Belle: No more girlfriend to drag you down?
Me: How do you know that?
Belle: You're terrible at keeping secrets.
Naomi: You also talk pretty loudly.
Naomi: *In [m!t]'s voice* \"Kiara... I'm so sad Jane and I broke up.\"
Violet: Guys, come on...
Violet: It's still fresh for him.
Violet: (Did [m!t] and his girlfriend really break up?)
Violet: (Is a part of me happy about this?)
Me: It's okay, Violet. You don't need to defend me.
Me: It was mutual. We needed to take a break.
Belle: Look, learning this has been a bit of a downer...
Belle: Let's make things fun again.
Narator: Belle puts the closed bottle down in front of her on the ground.
Belle: How about... spin the bottle?
Belle: Let's consider it a DLC for the day's activities.
Belle: *Whispers* A kinky DLC.
Me: (What did she just say? I could barely hear her.)
Me: What was that?
Belle: Here. We'll play spin the bottle.
Naomi: Everyone knows how to play that, Belle.
Naomi: Except [m!t], maybe.
Belle: I have different rules. Listen.
Belle: We go in a circle and spin the bottle.
Belle: Whoever the bottle points to, you have to kiss.
Belle: What makes it different is that you need to take a shot if it points to you.
Belle: Before you kiss.
Me: Uhh... I think I'll have to sit this game out, girls.
Belle: Why is that?
Me: If anyone caught me breaking the holy guidelines...
Stacy: He'd surely be executed.
Me: Well, maybe not executed... but Eve's wrath {i}would{/i} make me wish for death...
Belle: [m!ct], I promise we'll be discreet.
Me: Well, okay... I guess.
Belle: You guess?!
Belle: You get to play a fun game with sexy girls and your answer is \"I guess?\"
Narator: The irritation and annoyed surprise is palpable on Belle's voice.
Narator: For your own wellbeing, you decide it's best to just say \"yes.\"
Me: Fine, fine... I'll play.
Me: (Am I making another huge mistake?)
Belle: Good. {i}You better.{/i}
Narator: Belle spins the bottle.
Narator: It spins for a while before landing on Naomi.
Naomi: What the hell?! I don't want to kiss Belle...
Naomi: The game is rigged!
Naomi: You just wanted to play this for some lesbo action, didn't you!?
Belle: Naomi. You know I'd choose a hard cock over a lesbian kiss any day.
Naomi: That is... true.
Naomi: Fine, let's just get this over with.
Narator: Naomi quickly takes the shot...
Narator: ...and gives Belle a kiss.
Narator: Belle, however, makes it more sexy than Naomi intended.
Naomi: What the fuck, Belle!?
Naomi: Did you just slip me some tongue?
Belle: *Giggle* Ooops!
Belle: Thought I'd make it more fun for [m!t] to watch.
Belle: He did have his reservations about playing, after all...
Naomi: You're such a slut, Belle.
Belle: *Chuckle* You can't deny that you liked it.
Naomi: *Scoffs* In your dreams.
Naomi: Now, it's my turn to spin.
Narator: The bottle spins a few times before it stops spinning...
Narator: ...in front of you.
Me: (Naomi has to kiss me? In front of everyone else...)
Me: (In private I wouldn't be so hesitant...)
Naomi: Oh, isn't {i}this{/i} a surprise.
Narator: You take a swig from the bottle.
Naomi: Come here, [m!t].
Narator: Naomi gives you a firm, yet gentle, kiss on the lips before leaning back.
Naomi: That was better than I expected.
Me: (She has super soft lips.)
Me: *Whistles* Okay.
Me: Guess that means it's my turn.
Narator: With a flick of the wrist, you send the bottle spinning.
Narator: As the bottle goes round and round, you wonder who it will land on.
Me: (Who'll it be? Stacy? Belle? Maybe...)
Narator: The bottle stops, pointing directly at Violet.
Violet: (Oh my god...)
Belle: Looks like you get a little piece of [m!t] too, Violet.
Violet: Come on...
Naomi: You should be happy.
Violet: (I am happy... but, I didn't think it would be like this.)
Me: (Violet looks really uncomfortable right now...)
Me: It doesn't need to be a long kiss.
Me: (I should make this as easy as possible, for her.)
Me: Look, you can even kiss me on the cheek if you want.
Me: I'll leave it up to you.
Violet: Okay...
Violet: (If it's up to me...)
Violet: (Then I need to take the chance.)
Narator: Violet takes a quick swig from the bottle for courage.
Narator: Moving toward you and kissing you on the cheek.
Me: There. That wasn't so hard, was it?
Belle: *Gasps* Booooo! 
Naomi: Violet, you can't chicken out like that!
Belle: Here I was thinking you were this fearless Amazon...
Naomi: Turns out she's just a little chicken.
Belle: Cheep cheep cheeeep.
Violet: I'm not a chicken!
Violet: (If they want to see my \"Amazonian\" side, fine!)
Narator: With her newfound courage, Violet grabs your head...
Narator: Pulling you in for a kiss on the lips.
Narator: The mood the campfire gives off enhances the moment.
Me: (Wow... That was...)
Violet: There! Was that good enough, girls?
Me: (That was perfect...)
Belle: I think [m!t]'s face says it all, Violet.
Stacy: I think that's enough for tonight...
Stacy: The fire burns low.
Violet: I am beginning to get kinda tired.
Violet: I woke up pretty early...
Violet: Though, not as early as you, [m!t].
Naomi: Yeah, yeah. We all know you do yoga, Violet.
Me: Come on, less passive aggression...
Me: Anyway.
Me: Since the fire is burning out and some of you are getting tired...
Me: I think we should call it a night.
Me: (If we kept going like this I'd be torn to shreds by sunrise...)
Me: (They clearly don't want to share me.)
Naomi: What? You have better plans for the night?
Belle: Naomi, he needs to jerk off after all this sexual tension.
Me: (She knows me {i}way{/i} too well...)
Me: You are all still at a rehab camp, by the way.
Me: There's a high likelihood Eve will want you up early.
Naomi: She {i}always{/i} interrupts my beauty sleep.
Me: *Chuckles* She really does value punctuality.
Me: I'll clean up here. Goodnight, girls.
Narator: The girls all head off to their cabins to sleep.
Narator: As you put out the remaining fire...
Narator: You take a good look at the girls as they leave.
Me: (What I once considered a curse...)
Me: (Has actually become a blessing.)
Me: (I never would have imagined I'd have a night like this at Red Falls.)
Me: (I'd say this is a worthy addition to my life highlights.)
Narator: Stacy lingers to the back of the group walking away.
    Narator: She turns, for a moment, giving you a seductive look that pierces your heart.
    Narator: And sends all the blood in your body to your huge member.
    Me: (Shit, it's like she's in control of my cock...)
    Narator: You wave at her and she turns away, continuing back to her cabin.
    Me: (The things I'd love to do to her...)
    Me: If only.
    Narator: You finish putting out the fire and cleaning up the area.
    Narator: Having finished the cleanup, you take a good look at the stars.
    Me: *Exhales* Ah. The great outdoors.
    Me: I should go camping more often.
    Narator: You look over the campground, and begin walking back to the house.
    Narator: She turns for a moment, looking back at you.
    Narator: There is a warmth, but also a longing, in her eyes.
    Me: (Why does she look a bit sad?)
    Me: (Did I do something wrong?)
    Narator: You wave at her and she turns away, continuing back to her cabin.
    Me: (Maybe I should trust her more...)
    Me: (I have been treating her like a dangerous pyromaniac.)
    Me: But she is, isn't she?
    Narator: You finish putting out the fire and cleaning up the area.
    Narator: Having finished the cleanup, you take a good look at the stars.
    Me: *Exhales* Ah. The great outdoors.
    Me: I should go camping more often.
    Narator: You look over the campground, and begin walking back to the house.
Narator: It takes you a little while to get back to the house.
Me: (Why couldn't the fire pit be closer to the house?)
Narator: You notice that all the lights are off.
Me: Guess everybody is already sleeping.
Narator: You quietly make your way across the entryway.
Narator: Up the stairs.
Narator: And back to your room.
    Narator: You notice something odd...
    Me: (Why isn't my door shut?)
    Me: (Has someone been snooping through my room?)
    Me: *Whispering* Who's there?
    noname Why did you make me wait so long, [m!t]?
    Narator: You step inside your room. And, as your eyes adjust to the darkness...
    Narator: You're greeted by Stacy, lying on your bed...
    Narator: In nothing but sexy lingerie.
    Stacy: Are you {i}entranced{/i} by what you see?
    Me: (Holy shit!)
    Me: You surprised me, Stacy.
    Me: What are you doing here?
    Stacy: I think you're aware why I'm here.
    Narator: You close the door behind you quietly.
    Me: Everyone is sleeping, Stacy.
    Stacy: Then we'll be sure to stay quiet like fallen ash.
    Stacy: Come to me, [m!t].
    Narator: Stacy pulls you slowly to the bed. You put up no resistance...
    Me: This seems planned out, Stacy...
    Stacy: You made me wait quite some time for this opportunity...
        Stacy: You've been so good to me, [m!t]...
        Stacy: You gave me such valuable kindling.
        Stacy: It was a beautiful tribute...
        Me: Violet's..?
        Stacy: Yes. The heart of our fire earlier.
        Stacy: Now I want to give you something in return.
        Stacy: A bit of my heart... my {i}passion.{/i}
        Narator: Stacy comes closer to you and removes your shirt.
        Narator: And then, your pants.
        Stacy: Good, now I can see so much more of you.
        Me: What should I...
        Stacy: Sshh... just allow the flames to guide you.
        Stacy: Come here.
        Narator: Stacy kisses you passionately as she slides her hand across your bare chest.
        Narator: She spends more time touching your pecs.
        Stacy: Your body is... perfect.
        Stacy: Forged in the Heavenly smelter...
        Narator: She savors every moment as she slides her hands down toward your crotch.
        Stacy: You really must join our flock...
        Stacy: Your genes are...
        Narator: You see that Stacy wants to enjoy you...
        Narator: But, you also want to enjoy her...
        Me: Hmm... (I can see she wants me...)
        Me: (But, I also want to make her feel good...)
        Me: (Which way should this go?)
            Narator: Should you take control?
                Narator: Before Stacy could finish what she was saying, you grab her by the waist...
                Narator: Bringing her closer.
                Narator: You give her a passionate kiss, and grab her hand...
                Narator: Placing it firmly on your now-erect cock.
                Me: Feel that?
                Stacy: Oh... [m!t].
                Stacy: It's so large.
                Me: (She really knows what to say to a man.)
                Narator: In your moment of lust, your hands begin caressing Stacy's body.
                Narator: Her skin is hot to the touch...
                Narator: It trembles with excitement as your fingertips glide across her figure.
                Stacy: Your touch sets my skin alight...
                Me: Good... What about this?
                Narator: At that moment, your hands glide to Stacy's breast, and vagina.
                Stacy: Mmmh...
                Narator: Despite being covered by lingerie, she still appears to enjoy your touch.
                Narator: If anything, having so little fabric between her skin and your hands only excites her more.
                Narator: You begin touching her with more intent... more passion.
                Stacy: Oooh... Heavenly...
                Me: (Fuck, she looks so hot...)
                Narator: Stacy writhes in pleasure beneath your fingertips...
                Narator: As your touch excites her most sensitive areas.
                Stacy: *Mumbles* Inside...
                Me: What was that?
                Stacy: Fill me with more of your warmth... Your touch.
                Narator: Without hesitation, you gently slide two fingers under her panties...
                Narator: ...and into her hot, tight, pussy.
                Stacy: Yes... your tribute is... Mmm.
                Me: Acceptable?
                Stacy: Thoroughly pleasing...
                Narator: You continue fingering Stacy, bringing her closer to climax...
                Me: Wait, wait...
                Stacy: Aahh... Why have you stopped?
                Me: I think it's time to change things up a bit.
                Me: (And slow down. Like that, she would have been finished too quickly.)
                Stacy: Smart decision, [m!t]. We do want this to continue...
                Stacy: How about this?
                Narator: Stacy removes her lingerie...
                Narator: Then begins undressing you. Quickly... {i}passionately.{/i}
                Me: If you keep doing that...
                Stacy: You'll be free like a raging wildfire?
                Stacy: {i}Excellent, then.{/i}
                Narator: Stacy entices you seductively, and you can't restrain yourself...
                Narator: Like a wild animal, you grab Stacy by the hips.
                Narator: Turn her around and grind her ass on your cock.
                Me: Do you like this?
                Stacy: This is wonderful, [m!t].
                    Stacy: This is wonderful, [m!t].
                        Stacy: Oh, [m!t]!
                Stacy: But wouldn't you find {i}this{/i} more pleasurable?
                Narator: At that second, Stacy surprises you by sliding your cock into her wet pussy.
                Stacy: Oooohhh... You're so big, [m!t].
                Me: (Shiiiit this feels good!)
                Me: You're pretty amazing too, Stacy.
                Stacy: Harder, [m!t]...
                Narator: You keep fucking Stacy's tight pussy.
                Me: Oh yeah...
                Me: (She's amazing! Her pussy is fire!)
                Stacy: Wait a moment...
                Narator: Stacy pushes you onto the bed again, and gets on top of you.
                Me: You want to take charge?
                Stacy: I think we would both find this the most pleasurable...
                Narator: She takes your cock and lines it up with her ass.
                Me: Oh? You want that?
                Narator: With all her force, she sits on your throbbing cock.
                Me: OH FUCK... Stacy...
                Stacy: OOOH! OOOH!
                Me: Sssh... we need to be more quiet.
                Stacy: Well then... make me quiet.
                Narator: You notice Stacy take a deep breath, as if she's going to moan loudly...
                Narator: But put your hand on her mouth before she can.
                Me: You need to be quiet, Stacy.
                Me: Or else we'll get caught...
                Narator: You see the pleasure on her face as you hold her mouth shut.
                Narator: Silencing her moans of orgasmic pleasure from fucking her in the ass.
                Me: *Whispers* You like it like this? Do you?
                Narator: You slide your cock out of her ass momentarily.
                Stacy: *Muffled* Mhhmhmmm...
                Me: Good. Then we can continue.
                Narator: You thrust your cock deep inside Stacy's petite ass.
                Narator: Her eyes roll back into her head in pleasure.
                Me: Didn't expect that?
                Stacy: *Muffled* Aaahha...
                Narator: Suddenly, her asshole tightens around your cock and you feel something rising...
                Me: (Oh shit, I'm gonna...)
                Narator: As Stacy orgasms while sitting on your cock you can't help but cum too.
                Me: (She's getting so tight...)
                Me: Aaaah! *Quietly* Fuck...
                Me: (I didn't have time to choose where to cum...)
                Narator: You turn on your bed, releasing Stacy from your cock.
                Narator: She is still twitching from the waves of her orgasm.
                Me: Are you okay?
                Stacy: Mmmmm... Y... Yes.
                Stacy: Kiss my body, please... [m!t].
                Narator: Without hesitation, you make this morning's fantasy a reality.
                Narator: Kissing Stacy's entire body.
                Stacy: Aahhh...
                Narator: Sending electric jolts of pleasure through her body...
                Narator: Eventually making your way to her clitoris.
                Stacy: *Moans* Ah... No, not there. I'm still too sensitive.
                Narator: She pushes your head away from her clitoris...
                Narator: And kisses you on the lips.
                Narator: Without hesitation Stacy begins stroking your cock over your boxers.
                Stacy: These are getting in my way.
                Stacy: That's better.
                Stacy: Lie back on the bed, [m!t].
                Narator: Stacy gets on her knees and begins licking your shaft.
                Narator: She continues licking your shaft, until suddenly...
                Narator: She slides your cock into her eager mouth.
                Me: Aaahh!
                Me: Oh yeah... Keep going...
                Stacy: Aah. You want more, [m!t]?
                Stacy: How will you pleasure me?
                Me: Just keep going and I'll jump in.
                Narator: Stacy continues sucking your cock passionately.
                Narator: Your hand involuntarily moves to the back of her head...
                Me: (I bet she'll enjoy it if I give her a little... affirmation.)
                Me: Do you like this, Stacy?
                Stacy: Mhhmm...
                Narator: You feel close to completion, and pull Stacy's head off of your dick.
                Me: Wait, wait...
                Stacy: What, why have you stopped me?
                Me: I think it's time to change things up a bit.
                Me: (And slow down. Like that, I would have been finished too quickly.)
                Stacy: Smart decision, [m!t]. We {i}do{/i} want this to continue...
                Stacy: How about this?
                Me: If you keep doing that...
                Stacy: You'll be wild like a raging flame?
                Stacy: {i}Excellent, then.{/i}
                Narator: Stacy entices you seductively, and you can't restrain yourself...
                Narator: Like a wild animal, you grab Stacy by the hips.
                Narator: Turn her around and grind her ass on your cock.
                Me: Do you like this?
                Stacy: This is wonderful, [m!t].
                    Stacy: This is wonderful, [m!t].
                        Stacy: Oh, [m!t]!
                Stacy: But wouldn't you find {i}this{/i} more pleasurable?
                Narator: At that second, Stacy surprises you by sliding your cock into her wet pussy.
                Stacy: Oooohhh... You're so big, [m!t].
                Me: (Shiiiit this feels good!)
                Me: You're pretty amazing too, Stacy.
                Stacy: Harder, [m!t]...
                Narator: You keep fucking Stacy's tight pussy.
                Me: Oh yeah...
                Me: (She's amazing! Her pussy is fire!)
                Stacy: Wait a moment...
                Narator: Stacy pushes you onto the bed again, and gets on top of you.
                Me: You want to take charge?
                Stacy: I think we would both find this the most pleasurable...
                Narator: She takes your cock and lines it up with her ass.
                Me: Oh? You want that?
                Narator: With all her force, she sits on your throbbing cock.
                Me: OH FUCK... Stacy...
                Stacy: OOOH! OOOH!
                Me: Sssh... we need to be more quiet.
                Stacy: Well then... make me quiet.
                Narator: You notice Stacy take a deep breath, as if she's going to moan loudly...
                Narator: But put your hand on her mouth before she can.
                Me: You need to be quiet, Stacy.
                Me: Or else we'll get caught...
                Narator: You see the pleasure on her face as you hold her mouth shut.
                Narator: Silencing her moans of orgasmic pleasure from fucking her in the ass.
                Me: *Whispers* You like it like this? Do you?
                Narator: You slide your cock out of her ass momentarily.
                Stacy: *Muffled* Mhhmhmmm...
                Me: Good. Then we can continue.
                Narator: You thrust your cock deep inside Stacy's petite ass.
                Narator: Her eyes roll back into her head in pleasure.
                Me: Didn't expect that?
                Stacy: *Muffled* Aaahha...
                Narator: Suddenly, her asshole tightens around your cock and you feel something rising...
                Me: (Oh shit, I'm gonna...)
                Narator: As Stacy orgasms while sitting on your cock you can't help but cum too.
                Me: (She's getting so tight...)
                Me: Aaaah! *Quietly* Fuck...
                Me: (I didn't have time to choose where to cum...)
                Narator: You turn on your bed, releasing Stacy from your cock.
                Narator: She is still twitching from the waves of her orgasm.
                Me: Are you okay?
                Stacy: Mmmmm... Y... Yes.
                Stacy: Kiss my body, please... [m!t].
                Narator: Without hesitation, you make this morning's fantasy a reality.
                Narator: Kissing Stacy's entire body.
                Stacy: Aahhh...
                Narator: Sending electric jolts of pleasure through her body...
                Narator: Eventually making your way to her clitoris.
                Stacy: *Moans* Ah... No, not there. I'm still too sensitive.
                Narator: She pushes your head away from her clitoris...
                Narator: And kisses you on the lips.
        Stacy: [m!ct]...
        Me: Yes?
        Stacy: I'm truly grateful that you helped me... earlier.
        Me: (Helped her? Does she mean..?)
        Stacy: So, now I'm going to help you.
        Narator: Stacy comes closer to you and removes your shirt.
        Narator: And then, your pants.
        Stacy: Good, now I can see so much more of you.
        Me: What about..?
        Stacy: Shhh... just allow the flames to guide you.
        Narator: Hearing Stacy say that, you reach out and touch her breast.
        Me: This lingerie is so sexy... Stacy.
        Stacy: I knew you'd appreciate its beauty.
        Me: I appreciate... your beauty.
        Narator: Stacy feels your touch spread across her body in a wave of warmth...
        Narator: Stacy comes closer and begins kissing your neck.
        Stacy: Does this pleasure you, [m!t]?
        Me: (This makes me fuckin' rock-hard!)
        Me: Yeah.
        Stacy: Good... Now, lie back onto the bed.
        Narator: You listen to Stacy's command and lie back onto the bed.
        Narator: Once you do, she pulls your underwear off and lies on top of you.
        Stacy: I wish to share your warmth, [m!t].
        Me: I'll share it all.
        Narator: You begin kissing Stacy on the lips passionately.
        Stacy: Mmmm... You're such an amazing kisser.
        Stacy: But... I need more.
        Narator: You look deeply into Stacy's eyes...
        Narator: As you contemplate how to satisfy Stacy's desires.
        Me: (What should I do? I can't restrain myself... but maybe I should?)
            Me: (Should I be dominant and firm, or gentle with her?)
                Narator: You grab Stacy...
                Narator: Pulling her in for a kiss with your strength.
                Stacy: Oh, [m!t]. You really are a man.
                Narator: Without warning, Stacy mounts your face.
                Narator: Her hot, wet pussy sitting right on your mouth.
                Me: Mmmffh. (Fuck! She's so wet I'm going to drown!)
                Narator: The only thing you can do in this position is lick her pussy vigorously.
                Me: (Let's see how she likes this.)
                Stacy: Mmhmm... Yes.
                Stacy: You're making me burn up...
                Narator: Stacy is visibly grinding your face, taken by intense pleasure.
                Me: (I should maybe... suck... here?)
                Narator: You decide to suck on her clitoris a bit...
                Stacy: AAHH! YESsss...
                Narator: Stacy's body begins twitching...
                Narator: And, she orgasms on your face.
                Me: *Muffled* Mmmph.
                Narator: Slowly, Stacy's body stops twitching, and her orgasm subsides.
                Narator: She composes herself, and shifts position...
                Narator: Your hand glides sensually down Stacy's head...
                Narator: Until you reach her cheek.
                Me: Stacy... You're so beautiful.
                Narator: As you say this, you lean in closer and gently kiss her.
                Stacy: [m!ct], you're being so gentle with me...
                Me: It's because you're so delicate, like a flower.
                Stacy: (He's so thoughtful).
                Narator: Stacy reacts positively to your gentleness.
                Narator: She repositions herself...
        Narator: Slowly sliding down your body, onto your cock.
        Stacy: You just keep being so selfless... helping me.
        Stacy: I must repay you.
        Narator: Stacy starts sliding her pussy up and down your rock hard shaft.
        Narator: You enjoy it as much as possible before Stacy eagerly pushes your cock inside her pussy.
        Me: Oohh. Fuuuuck... Stacy.
        Me: You're so tight... so hot.
        Stacy: Am I causing you pain?
        Me: No, it's fuckin' great...
        Stacy: Then I will continue.
        Narator: Stacy continues riding your cock.
        Narator: Her face conveys a level of pleasure you didn't see on a girl's face in a long time.
        Narator: You're sure she sees the same face on yourself.
        Stacy: Do whatever you desire... The Heavenly Phoenix-Lotus wills it!
        Stacy: Ah, yes...
        Stacy: You're so hot... inside me...
        Stacy: Ooohhh... I feel your every movement...
        Stacy: Yes... Faster... Mmm...
        Stacy: Yes... yes!
        Stacy: You're so {i}strong.{/i}
        Stacy: Keep... going...
        Stacy: Hard!
        Stacy: Do whatever you desire... The Heavenly Phoenix-Lotus wills it!
        Stacy: Ah, {i}yes...{/i}
        Stacy: Ooohhh... I feel every inch of you...
        Stacy: You're so hot... inside me...
        Stacy: Yes... Faster... Mmm...
        Stacy: Yes... yes!
        Stacy: You're so {i}strong.{/i}
        Stacy: Keep... fucking... me...
        Stacy: Hard!
        Stacy: Do whatever you desire... The Heavenly Phoenix-Lotus wills it!
        Stacy: Ah, Heavenly...
        Stacy: So deep...
        Stacy: Ooohhh... I feel your every movement...
        Stacy: You're so hot... inside me...
        Stacy: Yes... Faster... Mmm...
        Stacy: Yes... yes!
        Stacy: You're so {i}strong.{/i}
        Stacy: Keep... fucking... me...
        Stacy: Hard!
        Stacy: Do whatever you desire... The Heavenly Phoenix-Lotus wills it!
        Stacy: Ah, {i}yes...{/i}
        Stacy: Mmm...
        Stacy: You're so hot... inside me...
        Stacy: Ooohhh... I feel your every movement...
        Stacy: Yes... Faster... Mmm...
        Stacy: Yes... yes!
        Stacy: You're so {i}strong.{/i}
        Stacy: Keep... fucking... me...
        Stacy: Hard!
        Stacy: [m!ct]... I feel so hot... I'm on fire.
        Me: I know... I feel your heat.
        Me: Your fire.
        Stacy: I'm going to {i}combust...{/i}
        Stacy: {i}Ignite...{/i}
        Stacy: Be set alight.
        Me: I'm going to erupt...
        Stacy: Okay. Choose where you want to.
        Me: Really?
        Stacy: Yes. {i}Really.{/i} But, quickly.
            Narator: Stacy gives you the choice where to finish.
                Narator: You quickly make the choice to continue fucking her pussy.
                Me: I'm gonna keep going like this...
                Stacy: *Mumbling* Keep... going.
                Narator: You feel her pussy get tighter and tighter around your cock.
                Me: (Oh fuck...)
                Narator: As Stacy reaches orgasm, tightening around your dick even more...
                Narator: The tightness brings you to climax as well...
                Me: *Grunts* Staaaacy.
                Narator: Filling her pussy with your huge load.
                Stacy: Mmm... I am full of your body's fire, [m!t].
                Stacy: It appears that even when I help you...
                Stacy: You help me more.
                Me: What can I say? I enjoy helping.
                Me: (Especially if {i}this{/i} is what I get in return.)
                Me: I think you'll like this.
                Stacy: *Mumbling* Will I?
                Narator: You feel her pussy get tighter and tighter around your cock.
                Narator: However, you quickly pull out...
                Me: (Ah shit, she's tight!)
                Stacy: Aah! Fuuu... Too fast, [m!t].
                Narator: As you pull out completely, Stacy reaches orgasm, twitching in pleasure.
                Stacy: *Moans* Ahh... MMmmm...
                Narator: Pulling out of her tight pussy brings you to climax as well...
                Me: *Grunts* Staaaacy.
                Narator: Spraying your hot load all over her sexy, petite body.
                Stacy: Mmm... I am covered in your body's fire, [m!t].
                Stacy: It appears that even when I help you...
                Stacy: You help me more.
                Me: What can I say? I enjoy helping.
                Me: (Especially if {i}this{/i} is what I get in return.)
                Me: I think you'll like this.
                Stacy: *Mumbling* {i}Will I?{/i}
                Narator: You feel her pussy get tighter and tighter around your cock.
                Narator: However, you quickly pull out...
                Me: (Ah shit, she's tight!)
                Stacy: Aah! Fuuu... Too fast, [m!t].
                Narator: As you pull out completely, Stacy reaches orgasm, twitching in pleasure.
                Stacy: *Moans* Ahh... MMmmm...
                Narator: Pulling out of her tight pussy brings you to climax as well...
                Me: *Grunts* Staaaacy.
                Narator: But you manage to push her head down toward your cock...
                Narator: Spraying your hot load all over her cute, seductive face.
                Stacy: Mmm... My face is covered in your body's fire, [m!t].
                Narator: She licks all the semen off her lips...
                Narator: ...and swallows it with all the semen that landed in her mouth.
                Stacy: It appears that even when I help you...
                Stacy: You help me more.
                Me: What can I say? I enjoy helping.
                Me: (Especially if {i}this{/i} is what I get in return.)
        Stacy: [m!ct]?
        Me: Yes?
        Stacy: You know I long for your touch...
        Stacy: Why have you kept me so eagerly waiting?
        Me: Well... I... don't know.
        Me: I'm sorry, Stacy.
        Stacy: Hmm... I believe you must make it up to me.
        Me: How?
        Stacy: You're aware how...
        Narator: Stacy comes closer to you and removes your shirt.
        Narator: And then, your pants.
        Stacy: Good, now I can see so much more of you.
        Me: What about..?
        Stacy: Shhh... just allow the flames to guide you.
        Stacy: \"Allowing the flames to guide you,\" you begin touching her body.
        Narator: Slowly making your way down to her pussy.
        Stacy: Mmm... Yes. Do not neglect any part of me.
        Me: Not this time.
        Narator: You begin kissing Stacy on the neck, which only makes her wetter.
        Stacy: Yes... your heat dances across my skin.
        Narator: You can't resist any longer, and slide your hand under her lingerie...
        Narator: Touching her bare, wet, pussy underneath.
        Stacy: That's... perfect.
        Stacy: By the... Heavenly...
        Me: Sssh...
        Narator: With your other hand, you slide down her lingerie top...
        Stacy: *Moans* Ohhh..?
        Narator: ...and begin kissing her nipples.
        Stacy: *Moans* Aaaahhhh...
        Me: (These perfect small tits are irresistible!)
        Narator: You can't resist, and begin licking and sucking on her nipples.
        Narator: Stacy appears to be enjoying this thoroughly.
        Narator: So much, in fact, that she slows you down.
        Stacy: [m!ct], [m!t]... Let me...
        Narator: She pulls your hand away from her pussy and steps back.
        Narator: Stacy starts taking off her panties.
        Stacy: There.
        Narator: Making whatever's to come, much easier.
        Narator: As you touch her pussy, you realize how wet she is.
        Stacy: Oh...
        Narator: Noticing your rock hard cock.
        Stacy: It's so... beautiful.
        Narator: Stacy gets on her knees directly in front of your hot rod.
        Narator: Stacy begins stroking your cock...
        Narator: Her face getting closer and closer to the tip.
        Stacy: You're so eager... Let me...
        Narator: As she says this, she begins licking the tip of your cock.
        Me: Oooh... Fuu...
        Me: That's great, Stacy...
        Stacy: Sshh... Feel the warmth.
        Narator: Stacy slides her mouth down, over your cock, unexpectedly.
        Me: Aaah! Fuck... yeah.
        Narator: Stacy keeps sucking your cock, vigorously.
        Narator: Bringing you wave after wave of warm hot pleasure...
        Narator: Spreading from your cock.
        Narator: She keeps sucking you, bringing you closer and closer to the peak...
        Me: I can't hold...
        Narator: Until you can't hold it any longer.
        Stacy: Then don't.
        Narator: You release a huge load into her mouth.
        Narator: She has a bit of trouble containing it all, but manages to. Swallowing it all.
        Stacy: Mmm... Thank you for that tribute, [m!t].
        Me: (Why does she have to say shit like this, right now?)
        Me: You're... welcome.
        Stacy: Oh, but I'm not finished with you.
        Me: (More?! I guess it's my lucky night.)
        Narator: She gets up and moves to the bed.
        Narator: Standing next to the bed, Stacy bends over...
        Narator: ...exposing her bare ass and pussy to you.
        Stacy: Come, take it. Take me.
        Narator: She gives her ass a little shake, enticing you to mount her.
        Stacy: Come on... fuck me. Please.
        Me: Oh, I'll fuck you...
        Narator: You leave Stacy eagerly waiting... just a moment longer.
        Narator: Until you can no longer hold back and begin rubbing her ass with your cock.
        Me: Oooh. Which will I choose?
        Stacy: The one that beckons you. My wet pussy...
        Narator: You contemplate stuffing your huge cock into her asshole...
        Me: (I'd love to fuck that tight little ass...)
        Narator: ...but decide against it.
        Me: Okay, I decided...
        Stacy: But...
        Narator: You slide your giant cock into her pussy and feel it tighten against you.
        Stacy: *Moans* Slowly...
        Me: I thought you want it?
        Stacy: I do... too much. I'll lose my mind if you go too quickly.
        Me: (She didn't already lose her mind?)
        Me: Okay, I'll be gentle...
        Me: (At first.)
        Narator: You fuck her gently, at first... but begin speeding up as time goes on.
        Stacy: *Moans* Oh, yes. YES.
        Stacy: Faster... [m!t]. Harder!
        Me: SSshhh... People are sleeping, Stacy.
        Stacy: If you want me to be quiet, fuck me harder.
        Me: (That seems counterproductive... but I could never stop now.)
        Narator: You pound Stacy with your cock, harder and harder.
        Narator: Until you feel her pussy tighten around you.
        Me: AAAH. Fuuuck...
        Narator: You never had a chance to get it out before you came...
        Me: (I'm cumming!)
        Narator: Releasing a huge load into her orgasming pussy.
        Me: *Grunts* Staaaacy.
        Stacy: Mmm... I am full of your body's fire, [m!t].
        Stacy: You gave me so much loving, and attention.
        Stacy: You worshiped me, like fire, tonight.
        Me: It was noth...
        Narator: Before you can finish your sentence, she gets up and kisses you.
        Narator: Holding you close to her for a moment, before letting you go.
        Stacy: I will remember this moment fondly, [m!t].
        Stacy: I hope you will too.
    Narator: You close the door behind you and sit on the bed.
    Me: (I'm strangely turned on by that spin the bottle session...)
    Me: (I could use a good fap...)
    Narator: You get up, and walk over to your desk.
    Narator: You open your laptop and open your web browser.
    Me: (My boner won't go away unless I do something about it.)
    Me: (Hmm... What should I watch, though?)
    Me: (Some quick-and-easy porn videos?)
    Me: (Maybe some highlights from my favorite visual novel?)
    Me: (Oh... Or... I could check out more of \"Belle Mermaid's\" website?)
        Me: (Hmm... What should I watch?)
            Me: (It would be a little weird to fap to Belle, right?)
            Me: (Maybe I'm missing out... but whatever. My loss.)
            Me: (I don't really have much time, so the visual novel is out.)
            Narator: Resigning yourself to a quick and easy fap session...
            Narator: You subconsciously type in the URL of your favorite porn website.
            Me: (YourPorn.tits it is, then...)
            Narator: You browse the homepage, scanning for any video that catches your eye.
            Me: (Big titty goth gfs... Ass fucking... 69... Hmm...)
            Narator: Eventually, a video catches your eye and you click on it.
            Me: (I guess tonight it's \"Dripping Wet Stewardess Threesome\").
            Narator: You automatically begin stroking your cock as the video plays.
            Me: (I'd join the mile high club with them if I could...)
            Me: (Ladies, there's enough of my cock to go around.)
            Me: (Please remain seated until the fasten seatbelt light turns off.)
            Me: ({i}Then{/i} I'll fuck the three of you...)
            Narator: As you fantasize about the threesome and adherence to airline safety rules...
            Narator: Your cock gets harder and harder.
            Me: (Oh fuck... Yeah...)
            Me: (This... is your... pilot... speaking.)
            Me: (Will all stewardesses report to the cabin for a good fucking?)
            Me: (Thank... you...)
            Narator: Right as the video is reaching its end...
            Narator: A feeling rises in you like you're about to burst.
            Narator: You cum, blowing your load on your underwear.
            Me: (Well, Belle might be hot...)
            Me: (But I also know what {i}I{/i} like.)
            Narator: You go to a folder on your computer and open the game Lewd Island.
            Me: (I really love this game...)
            Me: (Bella is so sexy...)
            Me: (I'd fuck her so hard if I could...)
            Me: (I wonder if she's based on someone real?)
            Narator: Realizing you're slightly distracted, you go to your favorite scene...
            Narator: The female protagonist, Bella, getting fucked in the shower.
            Me: (Oh yeah... this scene is fuckin hot.)
            Me: (I'd love to fuck her... right there.)
            Narator: You stroke your cock automatically to the scene as it unfolds.
            Narator: You feel your cock get harder as you imagine yourself as the protagonist.
            Me: (You want this, Bella? I'll give it to you...)
            Me: (I'd give it to you anywhere you want.)
            Narator: Your cock begins to twitch as the scene also reaches its climax.
            Me: (I'll give you my hot load, Bella...)
            Narator: As Bella orgasms, you cum too...
            Narator: Blowing your load all over your underwear.
            Me: (OH YEAH... TAKE IT ALL, BELLA!)
            Me: (That slut winds me up so much and always blue-balls me...)
            Me: (The least she can do is make it up to me with her nudes...)
            Me: (Luckily, they're here for everyone to see...)
            Me: (So I'm not a creep for enjoying them.)
            Narator: You go to your browser history and click on the URL for Belle Mermaid's website.
            Me: (Ohoho... What's this?)
            Me: (New photos? From Red Falls?)
            Me: (Where did she find a phone on camp?)
            Me: (Hmm... Who knows.)
            Narator: You find some especially sexy videos of Belle playing with herself.
            Me: (Those are pretty big dildos... And, anal beads?)
            Narator: The kinkiness of Belle's videos turns you on...
            Narator: You begin stroking your cock automatically.
            Me: (Fuck yeah... Belle. You slut.)
            Me: (I bet you love it when men cum for you... Even more {i}on{/i} you.)
            Me: (If I could, I'd cum all over your slutty face...)
            Narator: The thoughts you're having while stroking your cock to Belle's pictures turns you on even more.
            Me: (Fuck... {i}yeah.{/i} Show me your tits, your pussy... That tight asshole...)
            Narator: You keep getting harder, and more horny, until you feel it coming...
            Me: (Oh yeah? You want it Belle?!)
            Narator: You cum, blowing your load all over your underwear.
            Me: (FUCKING TAKE IT!)
Narator: You didn't realize that while you were doing what you were doing...
Narator: Someone had woken up, and investigated the noises coming from your room.
Narator: The door had opened slowly...
Narator: Emily watched you...
Narator: ...and touched herself.
Narator: Eventually, you look toward the door and notice it ajar.
Narator: At first, you think nothing of it.
Narator: But, suddenly, you're hit by the realization...
Narator: That you closed the door earlier.
Narator: In the darkness of the hall...
Narator: Illuminated only by the dull glow of the light coming from your room...
Narator: You lock eyes with the peeper.
Narator: You're both frozen in absolute horror at the realization...
Narator: ...that Emily was watching you the whole time...
Narator: ...and you just spotted her, peeping.
Me: {i}WHAT THE FUCK?!{/i}
Me: {i}EMILY?!{/i}
