Me: 	EMILY?!
Narr:	Suddenly, the silhouette that was standing in the door, vanishes.
Me: 	(I'm certain I closed that door...)
Me: 	(Someone was watching... and it looked like Emily.)
Me: 	(I need to go investigate, quickly!)
Me: 	(Otherwise she'll get away!)
    Stacy:	Dennis... what's wrong?
    Me: 	Stacy...
    Me: 	You might not believe me, but someone was watching us.
    Me: 	Just now, and maybe the whole time we were...
    Stacy:	Is that so? 
    Stacy:	A phantom hiding in the doorway like a buried ember under fresh ashes?
    Me: 	Yeah...
    Stacy:	So, are you ready to reignite the fire?
    Me: 	Stacy, I'm sorry...
    Me: 	I really need to go see who that was.
    Stacy:	Please, stay with me just a little longer...
    Narr:	Stacy attempts to seduce you, but your mind is preoccupied...
    Narr:	Pangs of dread coalesce in the pit of your stomach.
    Me: 	I'm sorry.
    Me: 	We really can't.
    Me: 	You also need to get back to your cabin.
    Me: 	So nobody suspects anything.
    Stacy:	Of course, my enkindled prince.
    Stacy:	But... Will you be a gentleman and escort me back to my cabin?
    Me: 	I can escort you to the front door, but I can't go any further.
    Stacy:	That's a shame. But, it is understandable.
    Stacy:	We're being quite naughty, sneaking around like this.
    Stacy:	I feel the sparks of excitement bouncing around in my heart...
    Stacy:	So, I can't say I don't cherish this.
    Me: 	You know, I'd have to agree with you there, Stacy.
    Me: 	*Whispers* This way, m'lady.
    Narr:	You take Stacy by the hand.
    Narr:	Like a ninja turned gentleman, you sneakily escort her downstairs.
    Me: 	*Whisper* Step quietly...
    Stacy:	*Whisper* I'll step softly, like ash.
    Narr:	You quickly make it to the front door with Stacy.
    Narr:	Taking great care, you open the door as quietly as possible.
    Me: 	*Whisper* Almost there...
    Narr:	Once it's open, you usher Stacy out the door courteously.
    Me: 	*Whisper* After you.
    Stacy:	*Whisper* You truly are a man of noble ash.
    Narr:	You follow Stacy outside.
    Narr:	Gently closing the front door, you find yourself on the porch with Stacy.
    Me: 	Stacy, I had a wonderful time tonight.
    Stacy:	As did I. You pleasantly surprised me.
    Stacy:	I pray we dance like rising sparks again in the future.
    Me: 	I'm looking forward to it.
    Narr:	Stacy gives you a gentle kiss on the cheek before wishing you goodnight.
    Stacy:	Good night, Dennis.
    Me: 	Good night, Stacy.
    Me: 	(I really have to go look for Emily, now.)
    Me: 	Hmm... (Where should the search begin?)
            Me: 	Hmm... (Where should the search begin?)
    Narr:	You approach the girls' campground.
    Narr:	The night is quiet and still.
    Me: 	(Sounds like everyone is asleep.)
    Narr:	A rush of curiosity flows through you.
    Me: 	(Hmm... Could Emily have snuck into one of the cabins?)
    Me: 	(It sounds implausible... but...)
    Me: 	(I'll just take a quick peek into each cabin.)
    Me: 	(Nobody will know.)
    Narr:	You sneak up to the perimeter of Cabin 1.
    Narr:	Poking your head up, over the window's edge... 
    Narr:	You take a look inside.
    Me: 	(It's dark, but it looks like...)
    Narr:	You see two silhouettes in their beds, inside the cabin.
    Me: 	(Hmm... I really can't see much.)
    Me: 	(But, it looks like Violet and Naomi are sleeping.)
    Me: 	(And, Emily isn't in there.)
    Me: 	(I should look for her somewhere else.)
    Narr:	You sneak up to the perimeter of Cabin 2.
    Me: 	(I really need to be careful...)
    Narr:	Poking your head up cautiously...
    Narr:	You take a look inside.
    Me: 	(It's dark, but it looks like...)
    Narr:	You see two silhouettes in their beds, inside the cabin.
    Me: 	(Hmm... I can't see much.)
    Me: 	(But, it looks like Stacy and Belle are sleeping.)
    Me: 	(And, Emily isn't in there.)
    Me: 	(I better get out of here...
    Me: 	(Before Belle's Dennis-sense starts tingling.)
    Me: 	(I should look for Emily somewhere else.)
    Me: 	(Well.)
    Me: 	(I didn't find her at the campground...)
    Me: 	(Which means there's only one place Emily could be...)
    Me: 	(Hiding out at the gazebo.)
    Narr:	You make your way to the dock.
    Narr:	Realizing that there isn't anyone here...
    Narr:	...you look out, over the lake.
    Me: 	(Hmm. Nobody here.)
    Me: 	(Nobody over there, either.)
    Me: 	(But... what's this?)
    Me: 	(Reflections of stars?)
    Narr:	What you once believed to be the reflection of stars...
    Narr:	...actually turns out to be a swarm of fireflies.
    Narr:	Fireflies gracefully floating above the surface of the lake.
    Me: 	(Oh my god...)
    Me: 	(They're fireflies.)
    Me: 	(Wow...)
    Narr:	You live in that beautiful moment...
    Me: 	*Deep inhale*
    Narr:	...for as long as you can.
    Me: 	*Deep exhale*
    Me: 	(I need to take a mental snapshot of this.)
    Me: 	(It's rare to see something like this, these days...)
    Narr:	Shortly later, you take your leave.
    Me: 	(Well.)
    Me: 	(I didn't find Emily here.)
    Me: 	(Instead, I found something... amazing.)
    Me: 	(Hmm... Since I've been here, I haven't seen anyone by the campsite.)
    Me: 	(Which means there's only one place Emily could be...)
    Me: 	(Hiding out at the gazebo.)
    Narr:	Upon approaching the gazebo...
    Narr:	You spot someone sitting there in the darkness...
    Me: 	(Is that Emily?)
    Me: 	(It is!)
    Narr:	Getting even closer to the gazebo, you hear crying.
    Me: 	(Is Emily... crying?)
    Me: 	Uhh... Hey, Em.
    Narr:	Realizing she's no longer alone, Emily looks shocked.
    Emily:	*Sniff* Hey, Dennis. What's... up?
    Me: 	Uhh... Not much.
    Me: 	Are you okay?
        Emily:	Yeah, I'm fine. Why do you ask?
            Emily:	Crying? No way. I just have allergies...
                Emily:	Crying? No way. I just have allergies...
                    Me: 	Sure, allergies are awful. Uhh... Can I ask you something?
                        Emily:	Sure... what is it?
                            Me: 	Did you peek into my bedroom before coming out here?
                            Me: 	Do you know... Who tied me up the other night?
            Emily:	It's nighttime. You probably heard an animal...
                Emily:	It's nighttime. You probably heard an animal...
                    Me: 	Yeah... Must have been. Uhh... Can I ask you something?
                        Emily:	Sure... What is it?
                            Me: 	Did you peek into my bedroom before coming out here?
                            Me: 	Do you know... Who tied me up the other night?
    Emily:	No way! I wouldn't violate your privacy like that...
    Me: 	Really?
    Me: 	You've already proven you don't know what personal space is.
    Emily:	Ugh! Rude!
    Me: 	If you weren't spying on me, why was my door open?
    Emily:	Maybe you forgot to close it all the way!
    Me: 	No, no. I'm certain I closed it...
    Emily:	I can't believe you don't trust me!
    Me: 	That's only one reason I don't trust you...
    Me: 	Look, I know you tied me up the other night!
    Emily:	What?! You're insane!
    Emily:	You really think I'd do something like that?
    Me: 	So, you didn't do it?
    Me: 	Then, do you maybe know who would do that?
    Emily:	I might... 
    Emily:	But, why would I tell you while you're treating me like this?
    Me: 	I...
    Me: 	*Sigh* You're right.
    Me: 	(I need to cool it with the "bad cop" schtick.)
    Emily:	Is there anything you'd like to say to me?
    Me: 	I'm sorry for my outburst.
    Me: 	I'm just on edge since...
    Emily:	Since someone tied you up.
    Me: 	I get it. And, apology accepted.
    Me: 	So...
    Emily:	I might know something...
    Emily:	Talk to me tomorrow.
    Emily:	Your accusations exhausted me.
    Me: 	Oh, come on...
    Emily:	Nope.
    Emily:	If you want to know, we can talk in the morning.
    Emily:	Okay?
    Me: 	Sure...
    Emily:	Night, then.
    Me: 	Night.
    Narr:	You sit at the gazebo as Emily leaves back toward the house.
    Narr:	The mystery hijacks your mind once more.
    Me: 	*Sigh* (I really shouldn't have sprung that accusation on her.)
    Me: 	(Maybe I would have learned more...)
    Me: 	(Oh well. I just need to wait until tomorrow.)
    Me: 	*Yawn*
    Me: 	(My bed is waiting.)
    Emily:	Do I know...
    Emily:	What?!
    Emily:	Hmm... Actually...
    Me: 	You do know something?
    Emily:	I might not know exactly...
    Emily:	But, I have my suspicions.
    Emily:	(That bitch...)
    Me: 	Well, can you spill the beans already?
    Emily:	Ugh... Fine.
    Emily:	Since you're so stubborn--
    Emily:	But, I don't want to come off as a snitch...
    Emily:	So, I'll just tell you this.
    Me: 	Tell me what?
    Emily:	Well...
    Emily:	There is someone at camp who would want to do that.
    Me: 	I'm aware...
    Emily:	Someone close to you.
    Me: 	(I've already investigated so many people...)
    Me: 	(I must have missed something...)
    Me: 	(After all...)
    Me: 	(My deductive reasoning skills have been failing me recently.)
    Emily:	*Giggle* Got some gears turning?
    Me: 	Yeah. Thanks, Em.
    Me: 	I think I'm gonna head back to bed.
    Emily:	Okay, I'll stay out here a little bit longer.
    Emily:	Dennis...
    Emily:	Don't worry about me.
    Emily:	I'll be okay.
    Me: 	Okay. Good night, Emily.
    Emily:	Night, Dennis.
    Narr:	As you walk away from the gazebo...
    Narr:	The mystery consumes your mind once more.
    Me: 	(I really need to sleep on this new information.)
    Emily:	*Sigh* I'm just tired of feeling like a ghost.
    Emily:	Even though I spend my summers here, trying to help.
    Emily:	I'm invisible to her.
    Me: 	Emily... Do you really feel that way?
    Emily:	Yes!
    Emily:	And I'm tired of it.
    Emily:	Kiara is her golden girl.
    Emily:	While I'm just seen as the little girl.
    Me: 	I'm sorry for not making you feel more seen.
    Emily:	It's okay. What can I expect from someone who's barely here?
    Me: 	I'd be here more often if I could.
    Emily:	*Sniff* I know...
    Emily:	I just hope we have more time to hang out.
    Me: 	We will...
    Me: 	Actually... Do you want to help me investigate something?
    Emily:	Sure! What is it?
    Me: 	Did you... tie me up the other night? Out in the woods?
    Emily:	*Gasp* What?! Is that your big mystery?
    Emily:	You think--
    Emily:	Nooooo. No way!
    Me: 	So, you didn't do that?
    Emily:	Why would you think I'd do something like that?
    Me: 	I just thought...
    Emily:	You thought I wanted to spend time with you so badly...
    Emily:	...that I'd resort to tying you down...
    Emily:	...to make sure you didn't get away?
    Me: 	When you say it like that it sounds kinda dumb.
    Emily:	*Giggle* Yeah, it sounds real dumb.
    Me: 	I get it, I'm not always the sharpest tool in the shed...
    Emily:	Aww... Here, I can give you some help.
    Emily:	You know...
    Emily:	There is someone at camp who would want to do something like that.
    Emily:	Someone whose name starts with a...
    Emily:	"K."
    Me: 	Kiara was one of my main suspects...
    Emily:	Then, it looks like you need to talk to her.
    Emily:	(Kiara is so... Urgh!)
    Me: 	It looks like I do.
    Emily:	I think I'm going to head back to bed, now.
    Emily:	I'm getting tired.
    Emily:	(Especially of this conversation...)
    Me: 	Okay, I'll stay out here a bit longer.
    Me: 	You gonna be okay?
    Emily:	Yeah, I'll be fine.
    Emily:	Thanks for listening to me, Dennis.
    Me: 	Anytime. Good night, Em.
    Emily:	Night, Dennis.
    Narr:	As Emily walks away from the gazebo...
    Narr:	The mystery consumes your mind once more.
    Narr:	You think about it a bit longer...
    Narr:	Eventually, you stand up and head back to the house.
    Me: 	(I really need to sleep on this new information.)
    Narr:	You quickly pull your pants up.
    Narr:	Not a few seconds later, you exit your room.
    Me: 	(Shit!)
    Me: 	(Who the hell was that?!)
    Me: 	(It looked like Emily... It had to have been her.)
    Me: 	(But... why?)
    Me: 	(Was she watching me... jacking off?)
    Me: 	*Shudders* (Goddamn it... I have to go investigate this.)
    Me: 	(I couldn't really tell what she was doing...)
    Me: 	(It looked like... No. It couldn't have been.)
    Me: 	(If I waste any more time, she'll get away!)
    Me: 	(Where did she go?)
    Narr:	Hearing a noise downstairs, you quickly follow its source.
    Me: 	(Downstairs!)
    Narr:	Upon arriving downstairs, you don't see the elusive peeper.
    Me: 	(Where did she go?)
    Me: 	(She's definitely not inside...)
    Me: 	(But, I didn't see her go out the front door.)
    Narr:	At that moment, you feel a slight draft coming from behind you.
    Me: 	(It sure is chilly...)
    Me: 	(Aha! She must have gone that way.)
    Narr:	Realizing she went out the back door, toward the deck, you follow.
    Me: 	(Was it really Emily? It sure looked like her...)
    Me: 	(But it was pretty dark...)
    Narr:	You enter the Community Area, but see nobody in the room.
    Narr:	Once again, you have a hunch she escaped out the back door.
    Me: 	(So weird... It looked like her hands were...)
    Me: 	(Was she actually... No, no way.)
    Me: 	(I really don't need that on my mind right now.)
    Narr:	You exit through the back door of the Community Area.
    Narr:	Arriving at the deck, you look around...
    Me: 	(I wonder where she--)
    Narr:	Almost immediately, you spot Emily trying to hide behind the furniture.
    Me: 	Uhh...
    Me: 	Emily? What are you doing?
    Emily:	Oh! Hey Dennis, I was just...
    Emily:	Uh... Just looking for something I left out here.
    Me: 	(She's a terrible bluffer...)
    Emily:	Here it is! My favorite... leaf.
    Narr:	Sensing Emily's nervousness, you jump in to calm the situation.
    Me: 	Relax, Emily...
    Emily:	(Crap, he must have seen me...)
    Me: 	I just came out here for some air.
    Me: 	(I finally have her where I want her...)
    Me: 	(I CAN FINALLY GET SOME ANSWERS!)
    Me: 	Really is nice out here, so late at night.
    Emily:	Yep, it's really peaceful.
    Me: 	Uh... So, how have you been?
    Emily:	Good.
    Me: 	What were you up to before you came out here?
    Me: 	Something wake you up?
    Emily:	I have a hard time falling asleep, sometimes.
    Emily:	*Nervous chuckle* Guess it's just one of those nights.
    Me: 	Emily... Can I ask you something?
        Emily:	Uhh... Sure, Dennis. What is it?
                Emily:	Maybe... Maybe I have been, a little.
                        Emily:	Well... I have a secret.
                                Emily:	Well... What do I get for telling you?
                                        Emily:	I waaaant... To spend more time with you.
                            Me: 	I bet I know what it is. You tied me up the other night!
                        Emily:	Sure... What is it?
                            Me: 	Do you know who tied me up the other night?
                            Me: 	Were you watching me through the crack in my door?
                Emily:	How could I have been watching you, if I was out here, silly?
                    Me: 	Look, I know you just got out here. Give me a break Em...
                        Emily:	Oh, okay. I did... see you. But, it was an accident!
                            Me: 	Sure. Accidents happen. Was the other night also an accident?
                                Emily:	Accident? The other night? What are you talking about?
                                    Me: 	You know what I'm talking about! You tied me up!
                                    Me: 	So, you didn't "accidentally" tie me up the other night?
                            Me: 	If it WAS an accident... why did I see you... touching yourself?
                    Me: 	Suuuuure... That leaf was really important, right?
                        Emily:	Yep! He's my favorite... leaf. His name is Leafy.
                            Me: 	Leafy, huh? I knew a guy with a similar name a while back.
                                Emily:	Did you? That's craaaazy. Is there something else? I'd like to go back to bed.
                                    Me: 	Yeah, there was one other thing... Did you tie me up the other night?
                                    Me: 	Does Leafy know... who tied me up the other night?
    Emily:	I don't like how you're talking to me, Dennis...
    Me: 	I don't like that someone tied me up!
    Emily:	(Dennis really is bothered by this...)
    Narr:	Despite her initial fright, Emily smirks...
    Narr:	Shifting the tone of their conversation.
    Emily:	I might know something...
    Me: 	I'd really appreciate it if you told me, Em...
    Emily:	I don't want to come off as a snitch...
    Emily:	So, I'll tell you this.
    Me: 	Tell me what?
    Emily:	Well...
    Emily:	There is someone at camp who would want to do that.
    Me: 	I'm aware...
    Emily:	Someone close to you.
    Me: 	(I've already investigated so many people...)
    Me: 	(I must have missed something...)
    Me: 	(After all...)
    Me: 	(my deductive reasoning skills have been failing me recently.)
    Emily:	*Giggle* Got some gears turning?
    Me: 	Yeah. Thanks, Em.
    Me: 	And, sorry for scaring you.
    Emily:	It's okay. (I know you're the one who's really scared here.)
    Emily:	Anyway, I'm gonna head back to bed.
    Emily:	Night!
    Me: 	Good night, Em.
    Narr:	You spend a bit more time outside, collecting your thoughts.
    Narr:	The mystery consumes your mind once more.
    Me: 	(I really need to sleep on this new information.)
    Emily:	Okay, pinkie promise?
    Me: 	Pinkie promise.
    Emily:	Well...
    Emily:	The secret is...
    Emily:	There's someone at camp...
    Emily:	Who's secretly obsessed with you.
    Me: 	Obsessed?
    Emily:	Someone close to you.
    Emily:	Someone... Who did something to you the other night.
    Me: 	I could have guessed that...
    Emily:	Someone whose name starts with a...
    Emily:	"K."
    Me: 	Kiara was one of my main suspects...
    Emily:	Then, it looks like you need to talk to her.
    Emily:	(Kiara is so... Urgh!)
    Me: 	It looks like I do.
    Emily:	I think I'm going to head back to bed, now.
    Emily:	I'm getting tired.
    Emily:	(Especially of this conversation...)
    Me: 	Yeah, it's getting late.
    Emily:	Remember our pinkie promise, okay?
    Me: 	I will.
    Me: 	Good night, Em.
    Emily:	Night-night!
    Narr:	You spend a bit more time outside, collecting your thoughts.
    Narr:	The mystery hijacks your mind once more.
    Me: 	*Sigh* (How am I going to get a confession out of Kiara?)
    Me: 	*Yawn*
    Me: 	(I'll figure that out tomorrow.)
    Emily:	No way!
    Emily:	I wasn't watching you... I swear!
    Me: 	Then how was my door even open?
    Emily:	It was open when I walked by.
    Emily:	I looked in to see if you were asleep...
    Emily:	Maybe you didn't close your door all the way, and it opened.
    Me: 	Convenient excuse...
    Emily:	It's not an excuse, it's the truth!
    Me: 	Ahem. So, you came out here out of embarrassment?
    Emily:	Yeah...
    Emily:	Can I go back to sleep, now?
    Me: 	Sure, sure...
    Me: 	(I'll need to ask her more, tomorrow.)
    Me: 	(She has to know who tied me up...)
    Emily:	Well, goodnight.
    Me: 	Goodnight, Emily.
    Narr:	You spend a bit more time outside, collecting your thoughts.
    Me: 	*Sigh* (I had a great opportunity to get the truth out of Emily...)
    Me: 	(But, I wasted it asking the wrong questions.)
    Me: 	(What does Emily know?)
    Me: 	*Yawn*
    Me: 	(I'll figure that out tomorrow.)
    Narr:	Emily holds the leaf to her ear, pretending that she's listening.
    Emily:	Mhm. Aha. Okay. You really think we should tell him?
    Me: 	(Has she gone full druid?)
    Emily:	Okay, Leafy says we should tell you.
    Emily:	There's someone at camp...
    Emily:	Who's secretly obsessed with you.
    Me: 	Obsessed?
    Emily:	Someone close to you.
    Emily:	Someone... Who did something to you the other night.
    Me: 	I could have guessed that.
    Emily:	Someone whose name starts with a...
    Emily:	"K."
    Me: 	Kiara was one of my main suspects...
    Emily:	Then, it looks like you need to talk to her.
    Emily:	Leafy says Kiara sucks.
    Me: 	*Chuckle* Does he now?
    Emily:	*Giggle* Yeah.
    Emily:	He also says it's getting late.
    Emily:	I think I'm going to head back to bed, now.
    Emily:	I'm getting tired.
    Me: 	Yeah, I'm gonna head to bed soon, too.
    Emily:	Night-night!
    Me: 	Night, Em.
    Narr:	You spend a bit more time outside, collecting your thoughts.
    Narr:	The mystery hijacks your mind once more.
    Me: 	*Sigh* (How am I going to get a confession out of Kiara?)
    Me: 	*Yawn*
    Me: 	(I'll figure that out tomorrow.)
    Emily:	*Giggle* What? Is that what this is about?
    Emily:	And you think--
    Emily:	Nooooo. No way!
    Me: 	So, you didn't do that?
    Emily:	Why would you think I'd do something like that?
    Me: 	I just thought...
    Emily:	You thought I wanted to spend time with you so badly...
    Emily:	...that I'd resort to tying you down...
    Emily:	...to make sure you didn't get away?
    Me: 	When you say it like that it sounds kinda dumb.
    Emily:	*Giggle* Yeah, it sounds real dumb.
    Me: 	I get it, I'm not always the sharpest tool in the shed...
    Emily:	Aww... Here, I can give you some help.
    Emily:	You know... there is someone at camp who would want to do that.
    Me: 	I'm aware...
    Emily:	Someone close to you.
    Me: 	(I've already investigated so many people...)
    Me: 	(I must have missed something...)
    Me: 	(After all...)
    Me: 	(My deductive reasoning skills have been failing me recently.)
    Emily:	*Giggle* Got some gears turning?
    Me: 	Yeah. Thanks, Em.
    Emily:	Anyway, I'm gonna head back to bed.
    Emily:	Night!
    Me: 	Goodnight, Em.
    Narr:	You spend a bit more time outside, collecting your thoughts.
    Narr:	The mystery consumes your mind once more.
    Me: 	(I really need to sleep on this new information.)
    Emily:	Enough for you isn't enough for me.
    Emily:	When you're off at college, it's so boring here.
    Emily:	And then, you come back for such a short amount of time...
    Me: 	Emily...
    Emily:	It's just not fair.
    Me: 	You're right...
    Me: 	Summer goes by so fast.
    Emily:	It does.
    Emily:	So, you wanna know the secret?
    Me: 	Yeah, I do.
    Emily:	Someone at camp reeeeally likes you.
    Me: 	(Oh shit, does she know about the girls?)
    Me: 	And?
    Emily:	It's someone close to you.
    Emily:	Someone... Who did something to you the other night.
    Me: 	I could have guessed that.
    Emily:	Think about it...
    Emily:	Who knows their way around camp the best?
    Me: 	There are a few people...
    Emily:	*Sigh* Well, just keep thinking it over.
    Emily:	I'd love to spend more time with you, Dennis...
    Emily:	But, I'm getting sleepy.
    Emily:	I'm gonna head off to bed.
    Emily:	Night-night!
    Me: 	Night, Em.
    Narr:	You spend a bit more time outside, collecting your thoughts.
    Narr:	The mystery hijacks your mind once more.
    Me: 	*Sigh* (Is it really who I think it is?)
    Me: 	(I'll have to get a confession out of her, though.)
    Me: 	*Yawn*
    Me: 	(I'll figure that out tomorrow.)
    Emily:	What the hell are you talking about?!
    Me: 	I think you know what I'm talking about.
    Emily:	I might, but why would I tell you what I know...
    Emily:	...after you accuse me like that?
    Me: 	I...
    Me: 	*Sigh* You're right.
    Me: 	(I need to cool it with the "bad cop" schtick.)
    Emily:	Is there anything you'd like to say to me?
    Me: 	I'm sorry for my outburst.
    Me: 	I've just been so on edge since--
    Emily:	Since someone tied you up.
    Emily:	I get it. And, apology accepted.
    Me: 	So...
    Emily:	I might know something...
    Emily:	...but, that will have to wait.
    Emily:	Talk to me tomorrow.
    Emily:	This accusation exhausted me.
    Me: 	Oh come on...
    Emily:	Nope.
    Emily:	If you really wanna know, then we can talk in the morning.
    Emily:	Okay?
    Me: 	Sure...
    Emily:	Night, then.
    Me: 	Night.
    Narr:	You spend a bit more time outside... 
    Narr:	Collecting your thoughts.
    Narr:	The mystery hijacks your mind once more.
    Me: 	*Sigh* (I really shouldn't have sprung that accusation on her.)
    Me: 	(Maybe I would have learned more...)
    Me: 	(Oh well. I just need to wait until tomorrow.)
    Me: 	*Yawn*
    Me: 	(My bed is waiting.)
    Narr:	Emily goes pale as her face contorts into a look of abject horror.
    Emily:	What?! YOU'RE CRAZY!
    Me: 	Emily... I--
    Emily:	NO! How could you say that?!
    Emily:	(Did he really see me?)
    Narr:	In a flash, Emily runs through the back door, disappearing from sight.
    Me: 	(Maybe I shouldn't have been so blunt...)
    Narr:	Emily ran through the house, quickly arriving in her room.
    Emily:	(What's wrong with me? Why was I...)
    Narr:	Emily buried her head in her pillow, letting out a few conflicted tears.
    Narr:	Standing on the deck, you take a deep breath of the fresh nighttime air.
    Me: 	*Sigh* (I should be nicer to her tomorrow...)
    Me: 	(Otherwise, I'll never figure out what happened that night.)
Narr:	Now back in your room after your late-night talk with Emily...
Narr:	You immediately hop into bed.
Me: 	*Yawn* (I'm exhausted.)
Me: 	(Another long night is over.)
Me: 	(And, tomorrow will be a long day, I'm sure of that.)
Narr:	As you think about tomorrow, your eyelids grow heavier.
Me: 	*Yawn*
Narr:	Your thoughts slow as sleep takes you.
Narr:	You sleep like a log through the night.
Narr:	Awoken by the morning sunlight, you feel well-rested.
Me: 	*Yawn* I feel...
Me: 	Surprisingly great, actually.
Me: 	I finally got a good night's sleep.
Me: 	(Pretty easy when Eve isn't assigning me early-bird chores...)
Narr:	You get dressed and make your way onto the landing.
Me: 	(Hmm... It doesn't sound like anyone else is up yet.)
Me: 	(What time is it anyway?)
Narr:	Continuing downstairs, and walking into the kitchen, you're greeted by...
Narr:	...an empty room.
Me: 	(I guess everybody is sleeping in.)
Me: 	(Is there any coffee?)
Narr:	You go over to the coffee maker, noticing the empty pot.
Me: 	(Guess not.)
Me: 	(Looks like Eve is still asleep too.)
Me: 	(That is a bit strange for Eve...)
Me: 	(Ah, whatever.)
Me: 	(I guess everybody needs their beauty sleep sometimes.)
Narr:	Your focus returns to the coffee machine.
Me: 	(Guess I better make the coffee myself.)
Narr:	You push the button, and coffee begins dripping into the pot.
Me: 	(Oh thank Christ, the machine was pre-loaded.)
Me: 	(I've been gone so long...)
Me: 	(...I have no idea where they keep the coffee, now.)
Me: 	(I probably would've gone coffee-less if it wasn't waiting, ready to go.)
Me: 	(Thanks, Eve.)
Narr:	The coffee machine stops whirring.
Narr:	And, the red indicator light turns off.
Me: 	Coffee time.
Narr:	You pour yourself a hot cup of coffee.
Me: 	Mmm. Smells delicious.
Narr:	Sipping your coffee, you gaze out the window.
Narr:	Questions about your investigation cross your mind.
Me: 	(I need to solve this thing...)
Me: 	(...so I can finally move on.)
Narr:	Suddenly, Kiara shows up in the kitchen.
Narr:	Interrupting your contemplation.
Kiara:	Morning, Dennis!
Me: 	Ah!
Me: 	*Chuckle* You surprised me, Kiara.
Kiara:	Looks like you were lost in thought.
Kiara:	Or, is the coffee just that good?
Narr:	Kiara goes over to the pot, and helps herself to a cup of joe.
Narr:	As she does...
Narr:	You consider asking her about the rope under her bed.
Me: 	(This is my chance to--)
Narr:	Unfortunately, your moment is spoiled by Eve.
Eve:	Good morning, you two.
Me: 	Morning, Eve.
Kiara:	Morning!
Me: 	(She always shows up at the worst time...)
Narr:	Eve swiftly makes her way to the fridge.
Narr:	She takes out some yogurt and fruit.
Eve:	A quick breakfast this morning.
Narr:	Not a moment later, Emily arrives in the kitchen.
Narr:	She still seems like she's waking up.
Emily:	*Yawn* Morning, peeps.
Eve:	Peeps? Morning, Emily.
Narr:	Emily looks over at you and smiles.
Narr:	She then shifts her gaze to Kiara and makes a face.
Kiara:	Hmph.
Eve:	Everybody, grab some coffee and breakfast.
Eve:	We'll be starting soon.
Narr:	Everybody grabs some fruit and yogurt.
Narr:	And those who haven't already poured themselves coffee, now do.
Narr:	Sitting at the table, now, everyone waits for Eve to begin.
Eve:	Okay. Thanks everyone.
Eve:	Good morning, again.
Eve:	Today is another big day...
Eve:	The patients will be busy, most of the day...
Eve:	But, we will have a bit of a shindig this evening.
Eve:	We're going to have a barbecue this evening.
Eve:	However, that's the bookend for a day of intensive therapy.
Me: 	(What the hell is Eve going to do to them?)
Kiara:	Intensive?
Emily:	Sounds stressful.
Eve:	Well, for some patients it may be.
Eve:	I suppose...
Eve:	That all depends on the results of their pre-evaluations. 
Eve:	That's the first course of action.
Eve:	Throughout the day they'll have individual therapy...
Eve:	Determined by the results of their pre-evaluations.
Eve:	Does that make sense to you guys?
Eve:	Mostly, the task will be escorting them here and there.
Eve:	Kiara. You'll go to the city to get things for the barbecue.
Eve:	Emily, and Dennis...
Eve:	You'll be in charge of accompanying the girls, today.
Me: 	(Are we really just glorified chauffers?)
Eve:	Does everyone understand their tasks?
Me: 	Yes.
Emily:	Yep, all clear.
Kiara:	Toss me the keys, and I'll be on my way.
Narr:	Eve tosses the keys to Kiara...
Narr:	She catches them gracefully, and slips them into her pocket.
Me: 	(Damn, she's good.)
Narr:	Kiara stands up from her seat at the table.
Kiara:	See you guys later.
Kiara:	I shouldn't be gone too long.
Narr:	She smiles at you while walking toward the front door.
Me: 	See you.
Emily:	Hrmph.
Eve:	Please don't crash the car...
Kiara:	That's something Dennis would do, not me!
Me: 	Ha-ha... (She sure is playing it cool...)
Me: 	(If she's hiding anything, she's hiding it well.)
Eve:	You two.
Eve:	Please, go get the girls and bring them back here.
Emily:	Where?
Eve:	Out behind the Community Area, to the deck.
Emily:	Okay! See ya soon.
Eve:	You better get going too, Dennis.
Me: 	I was just about to.
Me: 	See you soon.
Eve:	Bye, Dennis.
Narr:	You stand up from your seat at the table,
Narr:	and head for the front door.
    Narr:	Approaching Emily...
    Narr:	She suddenly grabs your wrist, and skips out the front door...
    Narr:	...yanking you with her.
    Me: 	Hey!
    Emily:	*Giggle* There's no time to waste!
    Narr:	Emily keeps yanking your wrist while dragging you onto the path.
    Narr:	Out on the path, you break her hold on your wrist.
    Me: 	(Ouch, she gave me an Indian burn...)
    Me: 	Why are you so excited all of a sudden?
    Emily:	Because I get to hang with you!
    Emily:	(And because she's gone.)
    Me: 	So, uhh...
    Me: 	You sleep well?
    Emily:	Thanks for asking. I did, actually.
    Emily:	Especially after our conversation.
    Narr:	Emily winks at you, smiling.
    Me: 	*Chuckle* What's that supposed to mean?
    Emily:	It means we'll solve this...
    Emily:	We'll get the evidence to catch "K."
    Me: 	I'm sure we will... partner.
    Narr:	Emily's eyes light up upon hearing this.
    Narr:	She smiles and skips the rest of the way to the campground.
    Narr:	Soon, both of you arrive at the girls' campground.
    Emily:	We're here!
    Narr:	Emily skips ahead of you, toward the cabins.
    Narr:	As you follow Emily, she keeps her distance.
    Me: 	Em, wait up!
    Narr:	Outside on the path, Emily keeps walking ahead of you.
    Narr:	However, you pick up the pace and catch up to her.
    Me: 	Emily...
    Me: 	Are you still upset about last night?
    Emily:	Hrmph. What if I am?
    Me: 	You can't stay mad at me forever...
    Emily:	So I should just stop right now?
    Emily:	Letting you off the hook so easily?
    Me: 	I really didn't mean anything by it, Emily...
    Me: 	I was just confused.
    Emily:	You sure are confused a lot...
    Me: 	Maybe I got hit in the head too many times playing sports.
    Emily:	*Giggle* That would explain it...
    Narr:	You and Emily walk quietly the rest of the way.
    Narr:	However, by the time you arrive at the campground...
    Narr:	She seems more cheerful.
    Me: 	(Is she faking it, or did she forgive me?)
    Narr:	Emily walks ahead of you, toward the girls' cabins.
    Narr:	Emily waits for you at the door.
    Emily:	Let's get to it, Dennis.
    Narr:	She leads the way outside.
    Narr:	Out on the path, you begin to chat.
    Me: 	How'd you sleep?
    Emily:	Good. You?
    Me: 	I actually feel really well-rested.
    Emily:	Maybe because you feel like...
    Emily:	You're getting close to solving the mystery?
    Me: 	Maybe...
    Me: 	But, I was wondering...
    Me: 	Can you give me any more hints?
        Emily:	Maybe I can. What's on your mind?
                Emily:	I did... So close they sleep under the same roof as you.
                Emily:	Finally asking the right questions! No, they're not.
    Emily:	Bingo!
    Narr:	Emily claps for your successful deduction.
    Me: 	Hey... Don't patronize me!
    Me: 	I just wanted to be certain...
    Emily:	For the sake of your ego, I'll believe you.
    Narr:	Soon, both of you arrive at the girls' campground.
    Narr:	Emily walks ahead of you, toward the cabins.
    Emily:	*Sigh* I feel sorry for you...
    Me: 	Huh?
    Emily:	You really are a little dumb.
    Emily:	Hellooooo. Anyone home?
    Me: 	What the hell?!
    Me: 	Cut it out!
    Emily:	You're clearly stressed out by having to think this hard.
    Me: 	Keep talking like that and--
    Emily:	I was about to say...
    Emily:	I'll tell you who it is.
    Emily:	It's Kiara, silly!
    Me: 	So it was Kiara...
    Me: 	I had my suspicions.
    Me: 	I just wanted to hear some kind of confirmation.
    Emily:	And, now you have.
    Emily:	Hey, Dennis.
    Me: 	What?
    Emily:	Maybe I can teach you some of my detective skills sometime.
    Me: 	Why not.
    Me: 	(She is the original Queen of Gossip at Red Falls, after all...)
    Me: 	(I could learn something from her.)
    Narr:	Soon, both of you arrive at the girls' campground.
    Narr:	Emily walks ahead of you, toward the cabins.
Narr:	Excitedly, she takes a deep breath...
Emily:	*Deep inhale*
Narr:	...readying her vocal cords for the coming announcement.
Emily:	GOOOOOOOOD MOOOOOORNING CHICAAAAS!!!
Emily:	WAKEY WAAAAKEY!!
Narr:	Soon, the girls begin emerging from their cabins.
Naomi:	What the hell?!
Naomi:	Why do you have to screech at us so early in the morning?
Violet:	Good morning.
Belle:	Heeeeey. Moooorning.
Stacy:	Good morning, ashen prince.
Emily:	(What did she just call him?)
Me: 	Good morning, girls.
Emily:	Great, you're all here!
Emily:	Eve told us to come get you guys,
Emily:	and bring you back to the Community Area.
Narr:	Displeased that the day is already starting, Naomi rolls her eyes.
Naomi:	What now?
Naomi:	More teambuilding?
Emily:	Nope! You all have to fill in some kind of questionnaire.
Emily:	No clue what it is, though. Follow me!
Narr:	Emily leads the girls away from the campground.
Narr:	You follow at the tail end of the group.
Narr:	While you all walk down the path...
Narr:	...Belle turns back and winks at you.
Belle:	Hey good lookin'.
Belle:	You had a good night?
Me: 	Huh? (Is she psychic, too?)
Belle:	You seem more energetic today.
Me: 	Oh, yeah.
Me: 	I slept well.
Belle:	Bet you'd sleep even better with me in your bed.
Me: 	(Straight to the point, huh?)
Belle:	On second thought...
Belle:	I'd probably keep you up all night.
Me: 	(Of course she takes it even further...)
Me: 	*Chuckle* Riiight.
Naomi:	You'd probably get a disease, too.
Narr:	You withhold your laughter hearing that insult...
Narr:	Belle glares at Naomi with an annoyed expression...
Narr:	...who glares back at her.
Me: 	Girls, please.
Me: 	Let's lighten up...
Emily:	Okay! We're almost there!
Narr:	Soon, you all arrive at the Community Area deck.
Narr:	Eve is there, awaiting the patients' arrival.
Eve:	Hello, ladies.
Eve:	I hope you all slept well.
Eve:	In a moment, you'll all go through pre-evaluation.
Eve:	It's a simple questionnaire to calibrate your therapies.
Eve:	We aim to make the experience more personal...
Eve:	...and, in turn, more effective.
Eve:	So!
Eve:	Let's not waste any time.
Eve:	Belle. Stacy. Come with me.
Eve:	Dennis, Emily. You two keep these ladies company.
Me: 	Shouldn't be too hard.
Narr:	As Stacy and Belle follow Eve into the house...
Narr:	...you turn your gaze to the remaining girls.
Me: 	So, looks like we have some time to chat.
Violet:	Guess so...
Naomi:	You really lucked out, didn't you?
Emily:	Uhh... So...
Narr:	Emily turns to Naomi, inspecting her outfit.
Emily:	I like your outfit, Naomi.
Naomi:	Thanks! But, I'm sorry to burst your bubble...
Naomi:	It's probably out of your budget.
Emily:	Oh, really?
Naomi:	Yeah. It's all designer.
Me: 	So, how much do you think your outfit costs in total?
Naomi:	Oh, I don't know...
Naomi:	*Laugh* I never look at price tags.
Me: 	You really are privileged...
Narr:	Emily's eyes grow wide. 
Narr:	Through her dazzled astonishment, she asks Naomi a question.
Emily:	Are you... an heiress?
Naomi:	Hmm, I suppose I am.
Narr:	Violet seems slightly annoyed by the conversation...
Violet:	Can we talk about less... materialistic things, please?
Naomi:	Do you have something better on your mind?
Violet:	Not really...
Violet:	Maybe Dennis can suggest something.
    Naomi:	Well, what do you want to talk about?
        Me: 	How is it being at camp now that a few days have passed?
            Naomi:	How is it? Hot, dusty, and there are SO MANY mosquitos...
                    Naomi:	Worse? How could it possibly be worse?
                        Me: 	You could have been forced to wear beige jumpsuits...
                            Naomi:	*Gasp* You'd never!
                                    Naomi:	She really is boooooring.
                                    Naomi:	I think you're joking.
                        Me: 	Well, we're lucky to even have a lake at the campground.
                            Naomi:	Yeah, without that we'd be living in squalor.
                                    Naomi:	Hrmph. I guess you're right. It's not THAT bad.
                                        Me: 	Camping can be really fulfilling. Go to the lake one night, you'll see.
                                        Me: 	Huh. It looks like you're already learning Eve's lesson.
                                Me: 	Sorry the amenities aren't up to your standards, princess...
                Me: 	I'm more worried about Hector than mosquitos.
                    Naomi:	You're still thinking about Hector? I made that story up.
                        Me: 	*Chuckle* You did? Sorry, but I don't believe you.
                            Naomi:	What, a girl can't write horror?
                            Naomi:	Thanks. I was inspired while writing it.
                                Me: 	You know, you might have a future in writing, Naomi.
                                Me: 	(That'll settle my worries about Hector roaming around.)
        Me: 	Violet, what do you like to wear when you go out?
            Violet:	What do I wear? Well...
                    Violet:	I'd rather not talk about my personal life...
                        Me: 	You're right. We shouldn't have been so persistent.
                        Me: 	Oh, come on. Everybody else is open to sharing...
                    Violet:	If you promise... I like to wear elegant black dresses.
                            Violet:	*Chuckle* No, no. No shoulder-pads, either.
                                    Violet:	It's something else... Silkier, and form-fitting.
                                        Me: 	Oh, wow... That sounds really elegant, actually.
                                        Me: 	Well... I think that settles it. The opposite of what I thought.
                                Me: 	*Chuckle* Right, so no frills. Looks like we got our answer.
                            Violet:	Yeah, something more along those lines. Black, form-fitting.
                                Me: 	Wow, that actually does sound pretty... elegant.
Naomi:	You're too sweet, Dennis.
Naomi:	(Does he really like my story?)
Naomi:	(...)
Me: 	I mean it. Just keep at it.
Narr:	Naomi smiles at you with genuine kindness.
Narr:	It's the first time you've seen that from her since she got to camp.
Me: 	(I guess she does care about something.)
Me: 	(Who knew it'd be creative writing...)
Me: 	So, Naomi... You have any other story ideas?
Naomi:	Well... Red Falls has given me some ideas.
Narr:	Shortly after Naomi responds...
Narr:	Naomi doesn't look pleased hearing your pointed remarks.
Naomi:	You're really making a habit out of being a douche...
Naomi:	Aren't you?
Me: 	I'm only following your lead.
Naomi:	Hrmph.
Narr:	Naomi gets quiet, visibly annoyed by your behavior.
Me: 	(Shit, I think I took it too far...)
Narr:	Shortly after Naomi goes quiet...
Narr:	You enjoy a bit more chit-chat with the girls.
Me: 	Hmm...
Me: 	I wonder when Stacy and Belle will be done.
Narr:	Shortly after you speak, almost as if you summoned them...
Narr:	Violet gets visibly uncomfortable by your pushing...
Violet:	Uhh... Can...
Violet:	Can we just change the subject, please?
Naomi:	Dennis, how could she possibly wear anything elegant?
Naomi:	I mean, have you ever seen anyone lifting weights in a dress?
Violet:	*Gasp*
Me: 	Well...
Naomi:	Come on, have you?
Me: 	...n-no, I haven't.
Violet:	You're such a relentless witch!
Naomi:	And you're a--
Narr:	As Naomi was about to speak...
Narr:	Violet appears flattered.
Violet:	Well... Thank you, Dennis.
Me: 	No problem, I'm just being honest...
Violet:	(He's such a gentleman...)
Narr:	Shortly after your flirtatious response...
Narr:	...Eve and the first group come back outside, onto the deck.
Belle:	Miss me, Dennis?
Me: 	(Not particularly.)
Me: 	Hey, Belle.
Eve:	Well, that's it for our first group's pre-evaluations.
Eve:	Dennis, Emily. You know what to do. 
Eve:	Keep these young ladies company.
Eve:	Naomi and Violet, please follow me.
Narr:	Eve, followed by Naomi and Violet, go inside quickly.
Narr:	You and Emily are left on the deck with Belle and Stacy.
Stacy:	Hello, Dennis.
Me: 	Hi, Stacy. How was the pre-evaluation?
Stacy:	It was quite fine.
Stacy:	Although, I still don't get why there were so few questions about fire.
Belle:	*Giggle* And, very few questions about sex.
Me: 	(Huh, that is a bit weird.)
Me: 	(Why not ask the flame fanatic about fire?)
Me: 	(Or the nympho about sex?)
Narr:	You spend a few moments lost in thought.
Belle:	Hmm... It looks like Dennis might need to fill out that pre-evaluation, too.
Stacy:	*Giggle* I believe you may be right, Belle.
Me: 	Pssht. I was just thinking.
Belle:	You sure your brain isn't experiencing framerate drops?
Narr:	Emily steps in, displeased by the girls' flirtatious behavior.
Emily:	So! What do you gals want to talk about?
Emily:	Got any juicy gossip?
Belle:	Hey! I was talking.
Emily:	Oh, sorry! Uhh... So, do you?
Belle:	Well... Maybe I do.
Stacy:	As do I.
Me: 	(She better not...)
Stacy:	*Whisper* The flame tells me many things.
Me: 	(Phew. Okay, just the usual.)
Belle:	My lips are sealed...
Belle:	But, maaaaybe Dennis can unseal these lips.
Belle:	(I'd love it if he opened them with something special...)
Narr:	Emily, once again annoyed by Belle's flirtatiousness, asks you a question.
    Emily:	So! Whose gossip do you want to hear?
            Belle:	What do I wear? Well...
                    Belle:	Violet, huh? Well... I know she talks in her sleep.
                            Belle:	Yep. She holds full conversations with herself, sometimes.
                                    Belle:	Naomi said there was one about you...
                                            Belle:	Oh, got you interested?
                                                Me: 	You know what, never mind. I couldn't care less.
                        Me: 	That's not gossip... Know anything more interesting?
                            Belle:	Oh, that's not good enough? Fine. Who do you want gossip on, then?
                                    Belle:	*Laugh* No way, I'll tell you something better...
                                            Belle:	Way better. I know that you like to jerk your long dong, in the shower.
                                                Me: 	Pffft. Impossible. The bathroom is on the second floor.
                                                    Belle:	You're right. It's impossible... Or is it?
                                                        Me: 	You're the queen of the trolls. I KNOW you're bluffing.
                                        Me: 	You know what? I'd rather not know, actually...
                                    Belle:	I know she has the hots for someone here...
                                            Belle:	Oh, and why's that?
                    Belle:	Naomi, huh? Well... I noticed one of her handbags wasn't actually designer.
                        Me: 	No way... Really? You sure you don't need glasses?
                            Belle:	From what I could see, she does.
                                    Belle:	Maybe she is. Maybe she doesn't know.
            Stacy:	The flame accepts. Do you wish to hear a secret of ash, or fire?
                    Stacy:	The ash says that someone here hides more secrets than it does.
                            Stacy:	The ash has spoken. It is our secret to carry, now.
                                    Stacy:	What does the ash hear?
                                        Me: 	Are you sure you're hearing the ash right? It really said no?
                    Stacy:	The fire says that something eventful will happen at camp, soon.
                            Stacy:	The flame gives what it gives. Be content. Follow the clues.
                                Me: 	I will walk with fire, and fire will walk with me.
                        Me: 	I guess we just need to follow the signs, then.
Belle:	You know, Dennis?
Belle:	You're really no fun.
Me: 	Well, that's fine.
Me: 	I'm not here to entertain you.
Belle:	Oh, really? I thought you are.
Me: 	No, I'm not...
Me: 	*Chuckle* Despite how fun I may be to hang around with.
Belle:	*Giggle* Oh, don't stroke your ego so much...
Belle:	It's inappropriate to stroke yourself in public.
Stacy:	*Laughs*
Narr:	Belle sits quietly for a moment...
Narr:	...allowing the four of you a moment of silence.
Narr:	Belle goes silent for a brief moment...
Narr:	...before bursting out laughing.
Belle:	Bahahahaha! Really?
Belle:	You know what I think?
Me: 	What do you think, Belle?
Belle:	I think you're bluffing...
Belle:	And, very badly, at that.
Me: 	I'm not, but think whatever you want.
Belle:	Okay, okay. I'll buy your excuse.
Me: 	(God damn she's persistent...)
Narr:	Belle sits quietly for a moment...
Narr:	...allowing the four of you a moment of silence.
Narr:	Stacy's face goes red.
Narr:	She quickly turns away in embarrassment.
Stacy:	Dennis! I do not appreciate you spreading such rumors...
Stacy:	I... I despise such things!
Me: 	Belle, I was just joking...
Me: 	Don't think anything of my bullshittery.
Belle:	Don't worry, Stacy.
Belle:	What he just said is clearly BS.
Stacy:	(How could he!)
Stacy:	(I trusted him with my soul's flame...)
Me: 	Stacy, I'm sorry for messing with you like that.
Me: 	(I really fucked up, now.)
Me: 	I won't do it again.
Stacy:	You will need to make amends better than that, Dennis.
Stacy:	For now, begone from my warmth.
Narr:	Stacy's anger kills the previously light mood.
Narr:	You bask in the consequences of your breach of Stacy's trust...
Narr:	...you all remain quiet for a moment...
Narr:	This allows everyone a moment of calm.
Narr:	Stacy scowls, before turning away from you.
Stacy:	Neither I, nor the Heavenly Phoenix-Lotus appreciate your sarcasm, Dennis.
Me: 	(She really takes her beliefs seriously...)
Me: 	I'm sorry, Stacy...
Me: 	I should have been more respectful.
Stacy:	Yes, you should have...
Stacy:	Lest the flames of wrath reduce your soul to cinders as you leave this world.
Belle:	*Whispers* Awkwaaaard...
Me: 	Jesus, Stacy...
Me: 	That sounds awful...
Stacy:	Flames can be fickle.
Stacy:	But, for now, the flame acknowledges your apology.
Narr:	Stacy's response kills the previously light mood.
Narr:	Basking in the consequences of your unkind comments toward Stacy...
Narr:	...you all remain quiet for a moment...
Narr:	This allows everyone a moment of calm.
Narr:	Stacy looks you deeply in the eyes, for a moment.
Narr:	She gives you a small, kind, smile.
Stacy:	Dennis... Your kindness is warm...
Stacy:	(I feel it deep within my heart.)
Me: 	Uhh... Thanks, Stacy.
Stacy:	The Heavenly Phoenix-Lotus shines upon you.
Belle:	Do I get any phoenix-shine?
Stacy:	Only time will tell, Belle.
Narr:	The conversation, having nowhere to go, dies down.
Narr:	This allows everyone a moment of calm.
Narr:	You hear the gentle summer wind whooshing through the trees.
Narr:	You breathe in deeply, enjoying the moment...
Narr:	Before Belle clears her throat, in an attempt to get your attention.
Belle:	Ahrm... Ahem!
Belle:	Excuse me, Mr. Counselor?
Me: 	Belle, I'm not really a counselor...
Emily:	Yeah, he's more of a janitor.
Me: 	I'm not a janitor... I'm the camp assistant.
Belle:	Okay, Mr. Camp Assistant... Can I go to the ladies' room?
Me: 	Uh... sure. It's upstairs.
Belle:	Thank you!
Narr:	In a flash, Belle runs off inside.
Belle:	(Violet and Naomi must be in the office.)
Narr:	She continues exploring the first floor of the house.
Narr:	Making her way through the living room...
Narr:	...Belle can't help but critique the house's decor.
Belle:	(This house is so drab...)
Narr:	She goes out the other door, into the covered half-hallway...
Narr:	Then, into the main house's living room.
Belle:	(Where are the RGB LEDs?!)
Belle:	(What did I really expect?)
Narr:	Poking around the living room, Belle keeps at her relentless critique.
Belle:	(There's no sense of atmosphere... no mood.)
Belle:	(Thank god I don't have to live here...)
Narr:	Belle goes upstairs, and is greeted by multiple closed doors.
Belle:	(Dennis never said which door it was...)
Narr:	Suddenly, she has a mischievious realization...
Belle:	(Guess that means I gotta check them all.)
Narr:	She tries the various doors, but they are all locked...
Narr:	She finds the bathroom... but realizes there's one more door left unchecked.
Belle:	(Well, now I'm curious what's behind door number 5...)
Narr:	Trying the door, Belle is surprised when it swings open.
Belle:	(Bingo!)
Belle:	(Oh my...)
Belle:	(What a great surprise...)
Belle:	(It's Dennis's room!)
    Narr:	Belle goes into your room without a second thought.
    Belle:	(Ohohoho... What precious loot is Dennis hiding?)
    Belle:	(Some clothes...)
    Belle:	(Underwear...)
    Narr:	Belle continues rummaging through your belongings playfully.
    Belle:	(Laptop on the desk, and--)
    Belle:	(Oh? What's this?)
    Belle:	(A key?)
    Belle:	(I should hold on to this...)
    Belle:	*Quiet laugh* (Maybe the key goes to the vault Dennis hides our nudes in.)
    Belle:	(Or...)
    Belle:	(Maybe...)
    Belle:	(Maybe it goes to one of the locked doors on this floor?)
    Belle:	(I'll have to come back and check some other time.)
    Narr:	Belle gives your room another good look before leaving.
    Narr:	She enters the bathroom and closes the door behind her.
    Narr:	Belle goes into your room without a second thought.
    Belle:	(Ohohoho... What precious loot is Dennis hiding?)
    Narr:	Belle begins poking around your belongings.
    Belle:	(Some clothes...)
    Belle:	(Laptop on the desk...)
    Belle:	(Oh? What's this?)
    Belle:	(His underwear?)
    Belle:	(I should hold on to these...)
    Belle:	(Maybe I can show these off to the girls later.)
    Belle:	(Naomi and Stacy would definitely get a kick out of it...)
    Belle:	*Quiet laugh* (And, it would definitely make Violet uncomfortable.)
    Belle:	(I love that face she makes when she's uncomfortable.)
    Belle:	(It's actually kinda cute.)
    Belle:	(Hmm...)
    Belle:	(I'm sure there's something better hiding in here...)
    Belle:	(But, I've already been gone too long.)
    Belle:	(I'll have to come back and check more thoroughly some other time.)
    Narr:	Belle briefly scans your room once more before leaving.
    Narr:	She enters the bathroom and closes the door behind her.
Me: 	Ah...
Me: 	Hmm... What's taking Belle so long?
Emily:	Dennis, you shouldn't question why some girls take their time in the bathroom.
Me: 	Yeah, you're right.
Me: 	(I really don't want to know, anyway.)
Narr:	You all hear the door swing open as Belle exits the house, onto the deck.
Belle:	Are they really not done yet?
Narr:	Belle wouldn't have to wonder long.
Narr:	Because, shortly after, Eve emerges onto the deck with Naomi and Violet in tow.
Eve:	Thank you for your patience, everyone.
Eve:	That's it for the pre-evaluations.
Eve:	I will need some time to prepare for your sessions, though.
Eve:	So, that gives everyone a bit of free time, before we begin.
Me: 	Free time?
Eve:	Oh, no.
Eve:	Not for you, Dennis.
Eve:	You'll need to help us out around the house a bit.
Eve:	The ladies can spend this time however they want.
Belle:	However?
Eve:	Well, no. Not however, Belle...
Eve:	You have around a half hour or so.
Eve:	Meet back here when that half hour is up, and we'll begin the sessions.
Eve:	For now, enjoy, ladies!
Narr:	The girls walk off, back toward the campground.
Narr:	Eve ushers you both inside the Community Area.
Eve:	Follow me.
Narr:	You and Emily enter the house, helping Eve prepare for the coming sessions.
Narr:	Unlike you, busy with your chores...
Narr:	The girls seem to be having fun back at their campground.
Narr:	Stacy is sitting on the stairs of her cabin.
Narr:	Her eyes are closed, head tilted upwards, as she basks in the sun.
Narr:	Belle is sitting next to her, sunbathing with her top off.
Narr:	Leaning on the wall of her cabin, arms crossed...
Narr:	Naomi looks off toward the lake, before raising her hands to her mouth.
Naomi:	Viiiiioooooleeeet! Where are yoooooou?
Narr:	Violet arrives from the dock, back at the campground.
Violet:	I'm right here, Naomi.
Naomi:	Oh, good. How was your stretch?
Violet:	Uhh... It was good.
Violet:	Why do you care all of a sudden?
Naomi:	I don't know. I've been thinking...
Naomi:	Maybe I could benefit from it, too.
Violet:	Are you joking?
Naomi:	*Chuckle* Of course I'm joking.
Naomi:	I wouldn't want to risk wrinkling or stretching out my skin.
Violet:	You know, some yoga might actually be good for your precious skin.
Naomi:	Oh really?
Naomi:	Hmm... No thanks, I'll pass.
Stacy:	Please, quiet yourselves.
Naomi:	What?
Belle:	She said shush. We're trying to sunbathe in peace.
Stacy:	I'm not.
Stacy:	I'm communing with the sun's divine flame.
Naomi:	Oh, in that case, tell the sun to chill.
Naomi:	It's only gotten hotter and hotter the past few days.
Stacy:	Not possible...
Stacy:	The sun's will is its own.
Belle:	Anyway, you could benefit from some vitamin D.
Belle:	*Giggle* And, some good "D."
Naomi:	Ha-ha. Why don't you share, then?
Naomi:	Since you're just swimming in the "D."
Narr:	Belle sticks her tongue out at Naomi, and goes back to sunbathing.
Naomi:	*Yawn* I think it's time to go back to the house.
Violet:	Yeah, we really shouldn't keep Dr. Eve waiting.
Narr:	Displeased but cooperative, Belle and Stacy listen to Naomi's suggestion.
Narr:	They walk over to Naomi, reluctantly.
Narr:	Now that the girls are all together.
Narr:	Naomi leads the group toward the house.
Eve:	The ladies should be here any day now.
Me: 	Oh, has it already been 30 minutes?
Eve:	Yes.
Me: 	Wow... Time flies, I guess.
Eve:	Oh? The chores didn't bore you?
Me: 	I don't really mind them as much, anymore.
Eve:	Well, that's wonderful, Dennis.
Eve:	(Dennis's maturing quite a lot this summer.)
Narr:	As Eve gives you a reassuring smile, the girls come down the path.
Belle:	We're heeeeere!
Eve:	Hello, ladies.
Eve:	Are you all ready for your therapy?
Eve:	After much assessment of your pre-evaluation forms...
Eve:	I have created your schedules for today.
Eve:	Today, you'll be undergoing individual and personalized therapies.
Eve:	In order to preserve your privacy...
Eve:	I will not be discussing your therapies at this moment.
Me: 	(That's odd...)
Me: 	(What's so "sensitive" about these therapies?)
Belle:	Ooooh... Surprise therapy?
Belle:	How exciting.
Eve:	Actually, it's just standard therapy.
Eve:	I'm just making sure you all feel as comfortable as possible.
Eve:	Which is why I'm not telling everybody about each others' therapies...
Eve:	Anyway.
Eve:	First up is Naomi's therapy session.
Naomi:	Alright, let's get this over with...
Eve:	The rest of you can stay here until I return.
Eve:	Dennis, you'll need to come with us.
Me: 	Huh? (I wonder what this is about...)
Naomi:	Why does he need to be at my session?
Naomi:	I thought you said you cared about our privacy.
Eve:	Your session is slightly different than the others.
Eve:	Dennis is going to be there for support.
Me: 	(Support?)
Naomi:	The way you're talking about this...
Naomi:	I'm clearly not going to like it.
Eve:	It won't be so bad.
Eve:	Come on, follow me.
Narr:	You and Naomi follow Eve out into the woods...
Naomi:	Why is my session all the way out here?
Eve:	Because what you need to learn is out here.
Naomi:	I really don't like where this is going...
Narr:	You all soon arrive at an old camping spot.
Narr:	It's overgrown with weeds and small shrubs, and blanketed in broken twigs.
Eve:	Here we are.
Eve:	I used to come out here to camp while it was still wild.
Eve:	Ah... Good times.
Naomi:	Did you just bring us out here to reminisce on your boring old stories?
Eve:	*Chuckle* They're actually pretty good stories...
Eve:	But, no. No, I did not.
Eve:	You're out here to clear the area of the weeds and debris.
Eve:	We might want to use this area again for something in the future.
Eve:	And, it needs to be cleared and clean for anything to happen.
Naomi:	What?!
Naomi:	You're making me do your yard work?
Eve:	Well, yes and no.
Eve:	I'm exposing you to stimuli you interpret as... hostile.
Naomi:	No way! Nope! I'm not doing this!
Eve:	Stimuli that clearly evoke a negative, non-cooperative response.
Eve:	I think this is what you need most to develop, and overcome your... issues.
Eve:	But, don't worry. You'll have a helper.
Me: 	Is that right?
Eve:	Well, only if you agree to help Naomi out.
Eve:	I can't force you to do anything.
Naomi:	Wait, yes you can!
Naomi:	You do it all the time!
Eve:	In this situation, it's best that Dennis chooses.
Eve:	I just want to come back to some work being done.
Eve:	See you soon!
Naomi:	Ugh! I hate this place!
Naomi:	Always making me do unnecessarily grueling activities...
Naomi:	I don't see how this can help me.
Naomi:	I don't even need any help!
Me: 	Look, Naomi...
Me: 	The quicker this gets done, the quicker you can leave.
Me: 	(Maybe if I start cleaning the area, she'll follow my lead...)
    Me: 	(Maybe if I start cleaning the area, she'll follow my lead...)
        Narr:	You pick up the rake you saw propped-up on a wheelbarrow.
        Narr:	Confident in your plan, you begin raking the area.
        Narr:	Naomi looks on as you do.
        Me: 	(I really think my strategy will work...)
        Me: 	*Whistling a melody*
        Naomi:	(Why is he acting so... casual?)
        Naomi:	Hey...
        Naomi:	Why are you doing... this?
        Me: 	What do you mean?
        Naomi:	Why are you doing the chores I should be doing?
        Naomi:	Doesn't that... defeat the purpose?
        Me: 	I mean... I don't see it like that.
        Me: 	Eve just wants this area cleaned up.
        Me: 	She doesn't need to know who did the work...
        Naomi:	Well...
        Naomi:	I guess I shouldn't stop you, then...
        Naomi:	(But, what am I supposed to do?)
        Me: 	If you're bored...
        Me: 	You can always do a little raking, and I can clear the weeds and brush.
        Narr:	At first, Naomi looks appalled by the suggestion...
        Narr:	However, after a bit more time spent mostly in silence, watching you rake...
        Naomi:	Hey, Dennis...
        Naomi:	Hand me the rake, please.
        Me: 	Huh?
        Me: 	You're feeling up to the task, now?
        Naomi:	I'm not happy to be doing yard work...
        Naomi:	But, time is passing excruciatingly slowly.
        Naomi:	So, I'd rather be doing something to keep myself occupied.
        Me: 	Well, I won't stop you.
        Narr:	You hand the rake to Naomi.
        Narr:	Soon after, she begins raking.
        Narr:	You, on the other hand, put on some gardening gloves.
        Narr:	Focused on the task at hand, you begin pulling out the weeds and dry brush.
        Naomi:	So... Dennis...
        Naomi:	When did you become such a gentleman?
        Me: 	(Woah, where did that comment come from?)
        Me: 	*Chuckle* You say that like I wasn't one, before.
        Naomi:	*Laugh* Well... You've made great progress recently.
        Me: 	Thank you, my lady.
        Naomi:	Oh, your lady?
        Me: 	(Oops. I shouldn't have said that.)
        Me: 	I was just--
        Naomi:	*Chuckle* Dennis, I'm just fucking with you.
        Me: 	Pfft. I knew that.
        Narr:	You both begin clearing the area a bit more methodically.
        Narr:	At the same time, you strike up a conversation to make the work more...
        Narr:	Fun.
        Me: 	Hey, Naomi.
        Naomi:	Yes?
        Me: 	Can I ask you something?
            Naomi:	Sure. What do you want to ask?
                    Naomi:	You make me sound like a different species... What do you actually mean?
                            Naomi:	"Among the elites." *Chuckle* If you MUST know... it's fairly mundane.
                                    Naomi:	Well, the people just suck. They're all so fake...
                                            Naomi:	Do you really mean that?
                                        Me: 	Then you have something in common with them...
                                    Naomi:	My dad does... when I actually see him.
                                            Naomi:	Well, you can blame my bitch of a mother for that...
                                        Me: 	That's a shame, mostly because of the mom situation.
                                            Naomi:	Wait, wait... You listened to me?
                        Me: 	What's it like growing up in the upper echelons?
                            Naomi:	*Chuckle* It was mostly a bore...
                                    Naomi:	It's intoxicating, at first... But, yes. It is.
                                            Naomi:	My dad is... when he's around.
                                                Me: 	Well, I hope he spends more time with you in the future.
                                    Naomi:	Unfortunately not... anymore.
                                        Me: 	Sorry to hear that... Hopefully I don't bore you.
                    Naomi:	Wow, so direct. What exactly do you want to know?
                            Naomi:	She and I don't have the best relationship...
                                    Naomi:	I did. She left me here, so she could keep being a wino bitch...
                                        Me: 	So, what really made your mom send you here?
                                Narr:	Sensing Naomis unease, you drop the subject.
                        Me: 	What's your relationship with your dad like?
                            Naomi:	Oh, daddy? We have a good relationship, but...
                                    Naomi:	It's not his fault...
                                            Naomi:	You... listened to me?
                                    Naomi:	If it weren't for my mother... He wouldn't have to work so hard.
                                            Naomi:	If only it were that simple...
                                                Me: 	Look, if you ever need to talk... I'm here for you, Naomi.
        Narr:	You decide to wait, having done enough chores at camp already.
        Narr:	Naomi looks at you, waiting for you to start.
        Me: 	(I really think my strategy will work...)
        Me: 	*Whistling a melody*
        Naomi:	(Why isn't he doing anything?)
        Naomi:	Hey...
        Naomi:	Are you going to do... anything?
        Me: 	Oh, I was just waiting for you to start.
        Naomi:	Waiting for me?
        Me: 	I just wanted to follow your lead.
        Naomi:	Wow...
        Narr:	Naomi, frustrated by your decision, picks up the rake and begins raking.
        Narr:	Taking your cue, you put on the gardening gloves.
        Narr:	Focused on the task at hand, you begin pulling out the weeds and dry brush.
        Narr:	At first, Naomi looks annoyed by how you acted...
        Narr:	However, after a bit more time watching you work hard, she speaks.
        Naomi:	Hey, Dennis...
        Me: 	Yeah?
        Naomi:	I'm still not over your approach to getting me working...
        Naomi:	But, I appreciate that you helped me out immediately.
        Naomi:	Well, after your initial stunt, actually.
        Me: 	No problem, Naomi.
        Me: 	I'm actually happy to help you.
        Me: 	I think we'll get this done pretty quickly, as a team.
        Naomi:	So... Dennis...
        Naomi:	When did you become such a gentleman?
        Me: 	(Woah, where did that comment come from?)
        Me: 	*Chuckle* You say that like I wasn't one, before.
        Naomi:	*Laugh* Well... You've made great progress recently.
        Me: 	Thank you, my lady.
        Naomi:	Oh, your lady?
        Me: 	(Shit... I shouldn't have said that.)
        Me: 	I was just...
        Naomi:	*Chuckle* Dennis, I'm just fucking with you.
        Me: 	Yeah, heh. I knew you were.
Narr:	You both continue working happily and efficiently.
Narr:	Soon, you're nearly done with Naomi's task.
Me: 	Hey, Naomi?
Naomi:	Yes?
Me: 	Are you...
Me: 	...having a good time with me, today?
Narr:	Naomi stops raking, and looks directly into your eyes.
Naomi:	I'm actually having a really nice time here, with you.
Naomi:	Despite the reason we're out here.
Naomi:	Thanks for talking to me...
Naomi:	(And, for opening up to me.)
Me: 	Maybe we'll get more opportunities to hang out, one-on-one.
Naomi:	If we do, I just hope it won't involve more yard work.
Naomi:	You really want to know?
Naomi:	Ugh. Okay...
Naomi:	Prepare yourself.
Me: 	I'm listening.
Naomi:	So... This is what happened...
Naomi:	My mother was never a kind woman...
Naomi:	She was a spoiled princess, born into wealth...
Naomi:	And, I know what you might be thinking...
Naomi:	Everyone's said the same thing about me, my whole life.
Me: 	Naomi, I wasn't going to--
Naomi:	It doesn't matter.
Naomi:	So. She was a princess born with a silver spoon in her mouth.
Naomi:	Her parents, my grandparents, never paid any attention to her...
Naomi:	Instead, they showered her with gifts.
Naomi:	Dresses, makeup, earrings... Whatever she wanted.
Me: 	And, that spoiled her?
Naomi:	Exactly.
Naomi:	She was accustomed to living the high-life...
Naomi:	But, she was cut off by her parents when she turned 30.
Naomi:	She never really tried to make anything of herself.
Naomi:	She just spent, spent, spent.
Naomi:	But, instead of getting some kind of job to support her lifestyle...
Naomi:	She chose the easy route.
Me: 	She married rich.
Naomi:	Yep.
Naomi:	She found a new sponsor.
Naomi:	At first, she kept her spending somewhat reasonable.
Naomi:	But, once she saw my dad's career developments...
Naomi:	She saw that as her green light to go wild.
Naomi:	As he made more money, she spent more.
Naomi:	She also has other vices, though...
Naomi:	Particularly wine and young men.
Naomi:	I overheard her on the phone one day...
Naomi:	Drunk, a glass of champagne in hand...
Naomi:	She was arranging a meetup with one of her "toys"...
Me: 	(So, her mom is a MILF?)
Me: 	(Dennis, stay focused...)
Naomi:	I was furious!
Naomi:	She was spending my dad's money, which made him busier and busier...
Naomi:	And she had the fucking balls to go behind his back like that?!
Naomi:	So, of course I told him.
Naomi:	She went psycho.
Naomi:	That lying bitch made up some BS about me...
Naomi:	But, I still managed to make my dad suspicious of my mom.
Naomi:	He hired a private investigator, who collected all the dirt my dad needed.
Naomi:	They're getting divorced.
Me: 	Wait...
Me: 	Is that why you're here?
Me: 	Because of the lie your mom told about you?
Naomi:	Yeah.
Naomi:	But, I'd rather not get into that right now.
Me: 	Wait, so your dad bought what she said?
Naomi:	Dennis, please. Not now...
Me: 	(Why would her dad believe his cheating wife, and send Naomi here?)
Me: 	Okay... I won't push it.
Naomi:	Thank you.
Me: 	Thank you, Naomi... for opening up to me.
Naomi:	WOW!
Naomi:	Who knew you could be such an asshole!?
Narr:	Naomi angrily throws the rake to the ground.
Me: 	(Why did I need to poke the bear?)
Me: 	Look... Naomi.
Naomi:	Fuck off!
Me: 	(I should just leave her alone...)
Me: 	(I'm only making her angrier being here.)
Narr:	You keep doing Naomi's chores for a while...
Narr:	...before you speak up again.
Me: 	Naomi...
Me: 	I was being an idiot.
Naomi:	Yes, you were.
Me: 	And... I really am sorry.
Me: 	I've been rude to you for no real reason...
Naomi:	Yes, you have.
Naomi:	You'll have to do much more to make it up to me...
Naomi:	But, for now, we can remain civil.
Me: 	Oh thank god...
Naomi:	Don't thank god, thank me!
Me: 	(Her ego is GARGANTUAN...)
Me: 	Okay.
Me: 	Thank you, Naomi.
Narr:	Naomi smiles at you with warm kindness...
Narr:	...and growing affection.
Naomi:	You're a nice guy, Dennis.
Me: 	(Huh?)
Me: 	Uh, thanks, Naomi.
Me: 	I think you're a nice girl, too.
Naomi:	Do you, now?
Naomi:	When I first got to camp, you had this look on your face...
Naomi:	You were judging me.
Naomi:	So, I fulfilled your warped expectations of me.
Me: 	I didn't know you then.
Me: 	Now that I do, I'd never think the same.
Naomi:	Do you really mean it?
Me: 	I do.
Me: 	I think I actually understand you...
Naomi:	Oh, do you?
Me: 	At least better than before.
Me: 	(I'm sure there are even more quirks to your personality...)
Naomi:	There's no denying that.
Naomi:	*Giggle* You're actually not as dumb as I thought you were.
Me: 	Heh. Thanks, I guess.
Naomi:	That's a compliment!
Naomi:	You also have a nice bod.
Me: 	Uh, thanks, Naomi.
Me: 	(So do you.)
Narr:	As you and Naomi finish clearing the campsite...
Narr:	Eve arrives, ready to hear how it all went.
Eve:	Wow!
Eve:	The area looks great, guys!
Eve:	You both did a wonderful job.
Naomi:	Why, thank you!
Eve:	So, how did that feel, Naomi?
Eve:	That wasn't too difficult, now, was it?
Naomi:	Actually... It wasn't that terrible.
Naomi:	*Softly* Dennis actually helped out a lot.
Eve:	Hmm... How kind of him.
Me: 	It was nothing.
Eve:	Naomi. You and I will have a short debrief later in the day.
Eve:	At the moment, I'm a bit behind schedule.
Eve:	So, Dennis, why don't you show Naomi back to the campground?
Me: 	It would be my pleasure.
Eve:	Wonderful. See you both later.
Me: 	Shall we?
Naomi:	After you.
Me: 	Well, here we are.
Naomi:	You were quite a fine "chauffer".
Naomi:	You're dismissed for the time being.
Me: 	If you insist.
Me: 	Till we meet again.
Naomi:	Toodles, Dennis!
Narr:	Having been dismissed by Naomi, you decide to head back to the house.
Me: 	Ahh... (I finally have a little time to relax...)
Narr:	You make your way back through the campground, and to the house.
Narr:	Outside, you hear voices trailing off toward the Community Area's deck.
Me: 	Hmm... (I wonder who that could be?)
Narr:	Curious who it is, you walk around the house to hear the voices better.
Narr:	Getting closer to the source, you realize the voices belong to Eve...
Eve:	Please be more cooperative...
Narr:	...and Belle.
Belle:	Uggghh! I'm trying!
Belle:	I just can't help it.
Belle:	My mind loves going there...
Me: 	(She has to be talking about sex.)
Eve:	Well, since your mind is allegedly uncontrollable...
Eve:	...I believe our best course of action is to do some meditation.
Belle:	Oooh... Anything kinky?
Eve:	Of course not!
Eve:	But, I think it will help you take your therapy more seriously.
Eve:	Hmmm... I think the dock would be the perfect place to meditate.
Eve:	Nobody should be there to interrupt us.
Narr:	Thinking quick, you walk back toward the front door.
Me: 	(So, Eve and Belle are gonna meditate?)
Me: 	(Really? Just meditation?)
Me: 	(I'm curious to see how that will go...)
Me: 	(Especially with Belle's tendency to get... distracted.)
Me: 	(I mean, I could also just chill on the couch for a bit.)
Me: 	(Both options sound pretty good.)
Narr:	You stand there a moment longer, wondering what you should do.
Me: 	(Hmm...)
        Me: 	(Hmm...)
Me: 	(I think going to the dock is the better choice...)
Me: 	(It'll definitely be more entertaining than TV.)
Narr:	You walk away from the house, and down the path.
Me: 	(Every day I learn new things about these girls...)
Me: 	(I'm actually starting to get used to their quirks.)
Me: 	Heh. (I'd say they're starting to get used to mine, too.)
Me: 	(This is gonna be interesting...)
Me: 	(I wonder how quickly Belle will drive poor Eve crazy...)
Me: 	(Hopefully she cooperates. Despite how boring that might be.)
Me: 	(If there were more to do at camp...)
Me: 	(I wouldn't have to entertain myself by eavesdropping...)
Me: 	(Ah, whatever.)
Narr:	Soon, you make it to the area near the dock.
Me: 	(Okay, now that I'm here...)
Me: 	(Where can I hide?)
Me: 	(Hmm... It looks like I have three options.)
Me: 	(I can hide behind the changing booth.)
Me: 	(I can... hide behind this rock? Maybe?)
Me: 	(Or, I can just sit on the edge of the dock, and act casual.)
Me: 	(What should I do...)
Me: 	(The rock?)
Me: 	(Uhh... Sure, sure.)
Me: 	(I guess this is a decent enough spot.)
Narr:	You crouch down, attempting to hide behind the average-sized rock.
Narr:	While crouched, and "hidden," you spot someone near the edge of the lake...
Me: 	(Who's that, over there?)
Narr:	It's Emily.
Me: 	(What's Emily doing over there?)
Me: 	(It looks like she's... skipping stones?)
Me: 	(If she spots me behind this rock, I'm screwed.)
Narr:	As you think that dreadful thought...
Narr:	...Emily skips one more stone...
Narr:	...before she notices you crouched behind the rock.
Emily:	Oh, hi Dennis!
Me: 	(Damn, she noticed me!)
Narr:	Realizing your cover is blown, you stand up, greeting Emily.
Me: 	Hey, Em!
Narr:	She walks over to you, smiling as she does.
Me: 	How's it going?
Emily:	Good, just skipping stones!
Emily:	What were you doing hiding behind this rock?
Emily:	Spying on meeee?
Me: 	*Chuckle* No, no...
Me: 	(Quick, come up with something!)
Me: 	I was just... looking for salamanders.
Emily:	(What? Salamanders?)
Emily:	I didn't take you for a herpetologist.
Me: 	A herpe-what now?
Emily:	A herpetologist.
Emily:	Someone who studies reptiles and amphibians.
Me: 	Where'd you learn that?
Emily:	That TV channel. World Wild Web.
Me: 	Aha, makes sense.
Me: 	To answer your question, no. I'm not.
Me: 	I just thought I saw one scurry under this rock.
Me: 	And, uhh... decided to investigate.
Emily:	Oh? So, you're a reptile detective now?
Me: 	I... I guess so, Em.
Emily:	*Giggle*
Emily:	Smart choice, Dennis.
Emily:	Starting with the easier cases, and working your way up.
Me: 	Yep, you gotta start somewhere.
Me: 	Anyway...
Me: 	Sorry for interrupting your stone skipping.
Emily:	It's okay. Do you wanna join me?
Me: 	(My cover is already blown... So, why not?)
Me: 	Sure, that would be cool.
Narr:	You give up on your feeble attempt at blending in with the environment.
Narr:	Instead, smartly deciding to join Emily at the lake's edge.
Narr:	You pick up a small, flat stone from the lake's shore.
Me: 	(Flat, angled parallel to the water, and--)
Narr:	You flick your wrist, sending the rock flying.
Narr:	You both watch it skip three times, then fumble and sink into the water.
Me: 	(A decent attempt...)
Emily:	Good job, Dennis!
Emily:	But, watch this.
Narr:	Emily bends down...
Narr:	...and grabs a smooth, flat stone.
Narr:	She brings it to her lips, and gives it a tiny kiss.
Emily:	For good luck, ya know?
Me: 	Whatever helps.
Me: 	(Does she kiss every single stone she throws?)
Narr:	Emily then bends down a bit...
Narr:	...closes one eye...
Narr:	...and winds her arm up.
Emily:	Aaaaaandd!
Narr:	The rock flies from the palm of her hand, along her fingertips...
Narr:	...and away, skipping across the lake's surface.
Narr:	The stone skips 7 times before faltering, sinking into the water.
Emily:	Yes! A personal best!
Me: 	(Woah, she's way better at that than I am.)
Me: 	Great job! Looks like you've been practicing.
Emily:	You noticed?
Me: 	I mean, yeah. How could I not?
Me: 	You beat me by more than double my amount of skips.
Emily:	Maybe I can let you in on my secret techniques...
Me: 	I'd really appreciate that, Em.
Narr:	As Emily begins training you in the ancient art of stone skipping...
Narr:	You see Eve and Belle begin their session on the dock.
Me: 	(Damn it, I missed my chance to listen in on their meditation session...)
Me: 	(When did they even get there?)
Emily:	Hellooooo, Dennis.
Emily:	Was my lecture that boring?
Me: 	Huh? Oh, no. Sorry.
Me: 	I zoned out for a second.
Emily:	No prob. Let's continue.
Narr:	As Emily teaches you her tricks, you occasionally glance over at Eve and Belle.
Me: 	(I wonder what they're saying...)
Me: 	(Ugh. The rock was the worst hiding place I could have chosen.)
Narr:	Finishing her lecture, Emily gives you the go-ahead to try her techniques.
Emily:	It's time, grasshopper.
Emily:	Let the stone fly.
Narr:	You get into position, as Emily did before.
Narr:	Upon entering perfect form, you whip your arm back...
Narr:	And, the moment it flings forward, the stone flies out of your hand.
Emily:	Wooooah!
Narr:	As you watch the stone skip across the lake...
Narr:	...you glance back at the dock and see Eve and Belle standing up.
Narr:	On the seventh skip the rock sinks into the water.
Emily:	7 skips, Dennis! You tied my record!
Narr:	You see Eve and Belle leaving the dock, going back to the campgrounds.
Me: 	(Ugh... They're going back to camp, now.)
Emily:	You have learned well, grasshopper.
Me: 	Thanks, sensei.
Narr:	In passing, Eve turns toward the two of you and waves.
Eve:	Hey you two, it's lunch time!
Narr:	As you begin to walk back toward the camp, Emily grabs your arm.
Emily:	Wait a sec, Dennis...
Emily:	There's something I need to admit...
Me: 	What is it?
Emily:	I've been manipulating you... a teensy bit.
Me: 	(What the hell does she mean?)
Emily:	I... maaaay have been misleading your investigation...
Emily:	...on purpose.
Me: 	What?
Emily:	I wanted you to be suspicious of me.
Me: 	What were you thinking?!
Emily:	I wasn't! That's the problem!
Emily:	I wanted to spend time with you so badly...
Emily:	But, you were either busy with Eve's chores...
Emily:	...or, spending your free time with the new girls.
Emily:	Completely forgetting about me.
Me: 	(Is she serious?)
Emily:	I felt... invisible to you.
Emily:	Dennis... I'm so sorry.
Emily:	I didn't mean to torture you...
Me: 	I'm shocked... but...
Me: 	(She seems genuinely apologetic...)
Me: 	I forgive you.
Emily:	Oh, really, Dennis?
Emily:	Thank you, thank you so much.
Narr:	Emily jumps on you, hugging you tightly.
Me: 	Em...
Emily:	What is it?
Me: 	You're crushing me.
Emily:	Oh, sorry!
Me: 	Let's go, Em. Lunch is waiting.
Me: 	(The changing booth is my best bet.)
Me: 	(But, I might not hear them that well from over there.)
Me: 	(Better than being caught, though.)
Narr:	Confident in your choice to hide out behind the changing booth...
Narr:	You get into position, and eagerly await Eve and Belle.
Me: 	(This is a great hiding spot. They'll never see me over here.)
Narr:	You wait behind the changing booth wall.
Narr:	Occasionally peeking around the corner, to check for Eve and Belle.
Me: 	(They're really taking their sweet time...)
Narr:	Eventually, you peek your head around as usual and spot them on the dock.
Me: 	(Finally!)
Me: 	(Now the show can begin.)
Narr:	Eve beckons toward the ground, inviting Belle to sit.
Eve:	Please, sit. Get comfortable.
Narr:	Belle sits down, legs crossed.
Narr:	Shortly after, Eve does the same.
Belle:	Like this? Ooooooommmmmm.
Eve:	If you're comfortable like that, sure.
Eve:	But, we won't be chanting any mantras today.
Belle:	Thaaaaat is laaaaameee.
Eve:	Please, just quiet your mind.
Eve:	Close your eyes...
Eve:	And, listen to my voice.
Me: 	(Huh.)
Me: 	(I can actually hear them pretty well.)
Me: 	(Hopefully they keep talking at this volume.)
Eve:	Listen to the words...
Eve:	Let them resonate within your mind...
Eve:	Like the sound of a perfectly tuned bell.
Belle:	I don't hear the bell.
Eve:	It was a simile, Belle.
Eve:	Please, focus.
Me: 	(That's going to be the hardest part...)
Me: 	(Getting her to settle down.)
Narr:	Belle assumes a good meditative posture and quiets down.

Eve:	Take a slow... deep... breath.
Eve:	Inhale fully, and exhale.
Belle:	*Deep breath in*
Belle:	*Long exhale*
Eve:	Good.
Eve:	Notice your breath...
Eve:	Bring all your awareness there.
Eve:	Slowly allow your awareness to shift...
Eve:	Notice the thoughts going through your mind.
Narr:	Eve goes quiet, and pauses for a few moments, allowing Belle to think.
Eve:	What did you think about?
Belle:	Well...
Belle:	At first, I thought about the feeling of a man inside me.
Me: 	(I'm not surprised one bit...)
Eve:	Belle, please! Keep it PG.
Belle:	I thought meditation was for the open-minded.
Eve:	You're--You're right. Please, continue...
Belle:	Then, I thought about you, in sexy lingerie...
Eve:	*Clears throat*
Belle:	After that, I thought about...
Belle:	Someone I met recently.
Eve:	Oh. Is it one of the other patients?
Belle:	Well, it might be...
Me: 	(I hope she doesn't mention me...)
Belle:	But, that doesn't matter right now.
Belle:	There was something beyond all of that, though...
Eve:	Please, elaborate...
Belle:	Well... For some reason, I imagined myself in a room...
Belle:	From my childhood.
Me: 	(I wonder what her childhood was like...)
Me: 	(I'd guess she has daddy issues.)
Eve:	Can you describe the room for me?
Belle:	It was a small, square room.
Belle:	Pink walls, with white trim. Like a dollhouse...
Belle:	I saw my old dolls, my bed, my vanity table, and...
Belle:	My father came into the room, and the room faded away.
Eve:	(I wonder what association she has with her father...)
Eve:	Thank you, Belle.
Eve:	Let's continue.
Eve:	Do not get caught up in your thoughts.
Eve:	Notice them as they travel across your mind.
Eve:	Do not focus on them, do not stop them...
Eve:	Let them go. Let them pass.
Eve:	Like water flowing beneath a bridge.
Eve:	Continue breathing deeply.
Eve:	I will describe places. Feel them, make them real in your mind.
Eve:	You see an ocean.
Eve:	It is deep, and blue...
Eve:	Beneath your feet is a sandy beach.
Eve:	You feel the sand's warmth under your toes.
Eve:	The ocean's waves change, and become the peaks of sand dunes.
Eve:	The sand extends from where you stand to the horizon.
Eve:	It is endless, but you don't feel hot.
Eve:	It is the perfect temperature, neither hot nor cold.
Eve:	You feel a breeze, and the sand caresses your cheek.
Eve:	You look up, and see the vast, endless blue of the sky.
Eve:	A black dot crosses your vision.
Eve:	It is the silhouette of a bird.
Eve:	You focus your eyes on the bird, realizing it's an eagle.
Eve:	Your eyes follow the eagle, until it lands on the top of a tall pine tree.
Eve:	You follow the pine tree, down to the earth...
Eve:	...realizing you're in a forest.
Eve:	Recognizing the trees, you see a lake in the distance.
Eve:	Slowly, you approach the lake...
Eve:	As you come closer, two people come into view.
Eve:	They are sitting on a dock, meditating.
Eve:	Go toward the you sitting on the dock.
Eve:	Rejoin with yourself, and take a final, deep breath.
Belle:	*Deep inhale*
Eve:	Good. Now, exhale.
Belle:	*Long exhale*
Eve:	And, open your eyes.
Eve:	Welcome back.
Eve:	How do you feel?
Belle:	I feel...
Belle:	Pretty relaxed.
Eve:	That's good. Any other feelings?
Belle:	I feel... oddly content. Lighter.
Eve:	Good, then our sessions going forward will be more impactful.
Belle:	You think?
Eve:	I have a good feeling about it.
Me: 	(She didn't divulge anything interesting...)
Me: 	(But, I oddly feel like I've been on that mental journey, with Belle.)
Me: 	(Eve is pretty good at guiding meditations.)
Me: 	(She could have easily started her own studio, in another life.) 
Narr:	Eve stands up, offering Belle her hand.
Eve:	Here, take my hand.
Belle:	Gladly.
Narr:	Eve helps Belle up from her seated position.
Belle:	(Eve's hands are so soft...)
Belle:	Thanks.
Eve:	Now, let's get you back to your campground.
Eve:	It's almost lunch time.
Me: 	(Oh, is it?)
Me: 	(I should wait here a bit before heading over there.)
Me: 	(Just to make sure they don't suspect me of spying.)
Me: 	(I think playing it cool would work out best.)
Me: 	(If anything, they'll just ask me to leave.)
Me: 	(No biggie.)
Narr:	Casually, you walk over to the dock.
Narr:	You sit down, letting your legs hang over the edge.
Narr:	Taking in the scenery, you spot Emily at the lake's edge, skipping stones.
Narr:	She notices you too, and waves at you.
Narr:	You wave back at Emily.
Narr:	She smiles at you as she skips another stone.
Me: 	(It's a pretty nice day.)
Me: 	(Kinda getting hot, though.)
Narr:	Emily skips a few more stones, while you relax on the dock...
Narr:	Before Eve and Belle arrive.
Eve:	Oh, hi Dennis.
Me: 	Hey Eve.
Belle:	Heeeey, Dennis. What're you up to?
Me: 	Just enjoying the lake.
Eve:	Sorry for doing this... but, you'll need to find another spot.
Eve:	We need some privacy for Belle's session.
Me: 	Ah, yeah... no prob--
Belle:	Please, Eve. Let Dennis join us.
Me: 	(She's really roping me into this!?)
Eve:	I don't think that's a good idea.
Belle:	I think he'd be great support.
Belle:	I'd feel more relaxed with Dennis joining in the meditation.
Eve:	Belle, no.
Eve:	That would definitely distract you.
Belle:	How is this fair?
Belle:	Naomi had Dennis's support during her session...
Belle:	That just doesn't seem fair to me.
Eve:	Well...
Eve:	*Sigh* Okay.
Eve:	If you promise to take this seriously, Belle.
Eve:	And, if Dennis promises to be quiet and courteous.
Me: 	Deal.
Belle:	Thanks, Eve!
Eve:	Belle, Dennis.
Eve:	Please, sit down and get into a comfortable position.
Narr:	You and Belle sit down, cross-legged.
Eve:	Good. Now, close your eyes.
Narr:	You both follow Eve's suggestion and close your eyes.
Eve:	Good. Gooood.
Eve:	Place one hand on your stomach, and one hand on your chest.
Narr:	You and Belle both put your hands where instructed.
Eve:	Feel your chest rise and fall.
Eve:	Feel your stomach rise and fall.
Eve:	Inhale.
Eve:	Exhale.
Narr:	Seeing you and Belle following along smoothly, and without resistance...
Narr:	Eve closes her eyes, before continuing to lead the meditation.
Eve:	Continue breathing naturally, feeling the air flow into your nostrils...
Eve:	Then, out through your nostrils.
Eve:	Continue to feel your breath for a few moments.
Narr:	With eyes closed, you hear all three of you breathing calmly.
Eve:	*Exhales* On the next inhale, feel your belly rise.
Narr:	Oddly, you feel a sensation near your knee.
Me: 	(Hmm?)
Eve:	Then, feel your ribs expand, and your chest lift up.
Narr:	As Eve says this, you feel the sensation move upwards.
Me: 	(What's on my leg?)
Me: 	(A bug?)
Eve:	On the exhale, the breath leaves your chest.
Eve:	Your ribs fall, and stomach contracts.
Narr:	You take a peek down at your leg, and see nothing there.
Narr:	You then peek up toward Belle, and see her in meditation, eyes closed.
Me: 	(Huh, nothing.)
Me: 	(Must have been a bug...)
Eve:	Continue with this breath, feeling all three parts of the breath.
Eve:	Think to yourself...
Eve:	Stomach...
Narr:	You once again feel the sensation on your knee.
Eve:	Ribs...
Narr:	You feel the sensation move up your leg, again.
Me: 	(What the hell is that?!)
Eve:	Chest...
Narr:	The sensation quickly rushes up your leg and to your crotch.
Me: 	*Muffled cough* (BELLE?! WHAT THE HELL?!)
Narr:	You quickly, but cautiously peek over at Belle...
Narr:	A huge, playful, grin is plastered across her face.
Narr:	She winks at you, before making a "shh" sign with her hand...
Narr:	Before continuing to rub your crotch some more.
Me: 	*Muffled choking* (What's she doing?!)
Me: 	(She'll get us both caught!)
Narr:	Despite your slight commotion, Eve continues the meditation.
Eve:	Breathe... Breathe... 
Eve:	Repeat this breath three times.
Narr:	Belle continues stroking your crotch as the meditation continues...
Narr:	Making you rock hard.
Me: 	(Ah fuck, she gave me a hard-on...)
Me: 	(I hope, for our sake, that Eve doesn't notice it...)
Eve:	With your third exhale, begin to feel the breath...
Narr:	Belle keeps grabbing at your girthy member, with growing intensity.
Eve:	Feel the breath as a wave coming up from the stomach, and rising...
Me: 	(Shit, she's gonna make me...)
Eve:	Hold this breath for two counts.
Narr:	You grab Belle's hand, stopping its assault on your crotch.
Belle:	(Aww, the fun's over?)
Eve:	Now, exhale. 
Narr:	As you exhale, you twinge with a slight pain from blue balls.
Eve:	Feel calmness in the breath.
Narr:	You hold Belle's hand for a moment, before pushing it away.
Me: 	(Wow, her hands are so soft.)
Belle:	(Oh, his grip is strong...)
Eve:	Feel ease and steadiness.
Eve:	When you're both ready, open your eyes.
Narr:	You and Belle open your eyes calmly.
Eve:	Belle, how do you feel?
Belle:	I feel super relaxed.
Eve:	Good. I think our next session will be fruitful.
Narr:	Eve stands up first, then you stand.
Me: 	Need a hand?
Belle:	(Giving me a hand after I gave you one?)
Narr:	You offer your hand to Belle, helping her up.
Belle:	You're such a gentleman, Dennis.
Eve:	Well, that's it for your session for today, Belle.
Eve:	Now, it's lunch time.
Narr:	As you stand before Eve, she unfortunately notices your bulge.
Eve:	(Is that a...)
Eve:	(Why the hell does he have a hard-on!?)
Eve:	(Ah... The hormones of young men.)
Narr:	However, she makes no comment about it...
Narr:	In fact, she brushes it off as if she hadn't seen it at all.
Eve:	Follow me, you two.
Me: 	(Relaxing back at the house, on the couch, sounds pretty nice...)
Me: 	(I've barely had any time to chill on the couch since I got here.)
Narr:	You follow your desire to relax and head inside the house.
Narr:	Once inside, you plop down onto the couch.
Me: 	Aaaahhh...
Narr:	You reach for the remote and turn on the TV.
Me: 	(I wonder if there's anything good on.)
Narr:	You flip through the channels...
Me: 	(Soap operas, news, reality shows...)
Me: 	(Doesn't seem like anything good is on.)
Narr:	Eventually, you give up and settle on a random channel.
Me: 	(Guess I'll just watch... this.)
Me: 	(Whatever this is...)
Narr:	You spend a few moments watching the channel you ended up on.
Me: 	(What even is this?)
Me: 	(Who makes these shows, anyway?)
Me: 	*Yawn* (This is why TV is dead...)
Narr:	Luckily for you, the front door opens and Kiara walks in with the groceries.
Kiara:	Oh, hey Dennis. How's it going?
Me: 	Hey, Kiara. Need any help?
Kiara:	Oh, no no. It's fine. 
Kiara:	I'll just put these in the kitchen, and be right back.
Narr:	As Kiara pops into the kitchen momentarily...
Narr:	...you realize your opportunity has arrived.
Me: 	(This is my chance to talk to Kiara.)
Me: 	(I need to settle this stupid mystery, now.)
Narr:	Kiara returns from the kitchen, breaking your thought process.
Narr:	She quickly sits down next to you on the couch.
Kiara:	What ya watchin'?
Me: 	Oh, nothing really.
Me: 	There's nothing good on right now.
Narr:	You turn the TV off, giving you and Kiara the chance to talk.
Me: 	Hey, Kiara...
Kiara:	Hey, Dennis.
Me: 	Can I ask you something?
    Kiara:	Sure. What's up?
        Me: 	I want to cut the BS... Why did you have that rope and mask?
            Kiara:	I told you, they magically appeared.
                Me: 	Do you think I really buy that? Tell me the truth!
                Me: 	We both know things don't just "magically" appear...
                    Kiara:	Well, yeah. It's just a figure of speech. Someone must have planted them there.
                        Me: 	Why even hide them, and not just throw them away?
                            Kiara:	I don't know... Look, I really don't know anything else...
                                Me: 	Fine, I believe you... (I'll have to try again later.)
                            Kiara:	I don't know. Maybe it was one of the patients...
                                Me: 	You're right, they are sneaky... (I'll try again later.)
        Me: 	Remember what we talked about the other night?
            Kiara:	I think so... Wasn't it about the morning you woke up in the forest?
                    Kiara:	I remember now. Did you ever find out who did it?
                Me: 	Yeah. Specifically, it was about that rope and mask.
                    Kiara:	Oh yeah. I told you that night, though. I don't know how that stuff got under my bed.
                        Me: 	That's the big mystery now... Anyway, thanks for the help.
Kiara:	Look, Dennis... I really have to get going.
Kiara:	I'm supposed to prepare lunch for today, and I'm already running late.
Me: 	(She definitely seems anxious.)
Me: 	(My questioning probably spooked her.)
Me: 	No worries. Go ahead.
Me: 	Oh, do you need any help making lunch?
Kiara:	No, no. It's fine.
Kiara:	I'll be quicker working on my own.
Me: 	If you say so...
Me: 	(She's really freaked out... I think this confirms it...)
Me: 	(It must have been her.)
Narr:	In a flash, Kiara is done making lunch.
Narr:	You see her emerge from the kitchen holding a tray of sandwiches.
Me: 	(Guess our lunch today is sandwiches.)
Narr:	Immediately after...
Narr:	She takes the sandwiches piled on the tray out the front door.
Kiara:	Really gotta go, see ya!
Me: 	See you later, Kiara.
Narr:	Kiara leaves the house, rushing toward the girls' campground.
Me: 	(She was acting really suspicious...)
Me: 	(Oh well, I'll get my answers later.)
Narr:	You get up off the couch and head to the girls' campground for lunch.
Kiara:	Sorry to leave you so soon, but I really have to go prep lunch.
Me: 	Lunch?
Kiara:	Today, we're all having some simple sandwiches.
Kiara:	Nothing extravagant.
Me: 	Need any help?
Kiara:	No, no. It's okay.
Kiara:	It won't take me that long.
Me: 	Well, if you say so...
Narr:	In a flash, Kiara is done making the sandwiches.
Narr:	Immediately after...
Narr:	She takes the sandwiches piled on the tray out the front door.
Kiara:	See you at lunch, Dennis!
Me: 	Oh, not waiting for me?
Kiara:	Can't! Sorry!
Kiara:	I'm already running late. Lunch should have started 15 minutes ago...
Me: 	See you later!
Narr:	Kiara leaves the house, rushing toward the girls' campground.
Me: 	(She was acting pretty suspicious...)
Me: 	(She seemed a bit anxious...)
Me: 	(Although, I'm sure being late for lunch was also making it worse.)
Narr:	You get up off the couch and head to the girls' campground for lunch.
Narr:	Back at the girls' campground, everyone is gathering for lunch.
Narr:	You see Kiara passing out sandwiches to the girls, from the tray.
Kiara:	Here you go.
Stacy:	Thank you.
Violet:	Do you have anything with less mayo?
Kiara:	I actually made one especially for you.
Violet:	Oh, really?
Eve:	We take our patients' specific diets very seriously.
Violet:	Well, thank you Dr. Eve.
Eve:	It's my pleasure.
Narr:	Kiara distributes the rest of the sandwiches to the girls...
Narr:	Leaving four sandwiches for the Red Falls staff.
Narr:	Kiara approaches you cautiously, but collectedly.
Kiara:	Here you go, Dennis.
Kiara:	Bon apptit.
Me: 	Thanks, Kiara.
Narr:	Feeling the tension from Kiara, you decide to go eat with the girls.
Me: 	Hey girls, enjoying lunch?
Stacy:	Hello, Dennis.
Naomi:	They call this food?
Me: 	Naomi, this is just a little snack.
Violet:	I think it's a pretty decent sandwich.
Me: 	Kiara does make a mean submarine sandwich.
Belle:	Too bad we couldn't try one of those today.
Me: 	Who knows...
Me: 	Maybe you'll get the chance one of these days.
Narr:	You and the girls finish up your sandwiches.
Narr:	As you do, Belle gets the group's attention.
Belle:	Girls, girls!
Belle:	I have a surpriiiise.
Naomi:	Do you, now?
Stacy:	How intriguing.
Belle:	Everyone, close your eyes...
    Belle:	Okay! You can all open your eyes now.
    Narr:	You and the girls all open your eyes.
    Narr:	Before you sits Belle, holding a small key in her fingers.
    Naomi:	A key?
    Naomi:	You think that's exciting?
    Belle:	This isn't any key...
    Me: 	(Wait a second... is that--)
    Belle:	This is a key I found in Dennis's room.
    Violet:	You were in Dennis's room?
    Me: 	You went into my room?!
    Belle:	It was a happy accident.
    Belle:	I thought it was the bathroom...
    Me: 	How convenient.
    Me: 	Thanks for respecting my privacy.
    Me: 	(So damn shameless...)
    Belle:	So! What's the key for?
    Stacy:	Yes. Please, enlighten us.
    Me: 	I... I don't know, actually.
    Me: 	I found it in the bushes outside the house.
    Me: 	(I hope they buy my bluff.)
    Violet:	So, it must be a key for the house.
    Belle:	Ooooh, now I'm super curious what it goes to.
    Belle:	Are you suuuuure you don't know?
    Me: 	Yeah, I really don't know...
    Naomi:	Ooooh, Dennis is hiding something...
    Belle:	Okay! You can all open your eyes now.
    Narr:	You and the girls all open your eyes.
    Narr:	Before you sits Belle, holding a pair of your boxers.
    Naomi:	Men's underwear?
    Naomi:	This is exciting, Belle.
    Belle:	You know what's going to excite you even more?
    Belle:	These aren't just any underwear...
    Me: 	(What the hell, are those--)
    Belle:	These are Dennis's underwear!
    Narr:	Violet's eyes go wide as she blushes.
    Violet:	Y-You were in Dennis's room?
    Me: 	You went into my room?!
    Belle:	It was a happy accident.
    Belle:	I thought it was the bathroom...
    Me: 	Convenient excuse.
    Me: 	Thanks for respecting my privacy.
    Me: 	(So damn shameless...)
    Belle:	So! Who wants to touch them?
    Narr:	Belle passes your underwear around to the other girls.
    Narr:	You look on in frustration, feeling a sense of violation.
    Me: 	(She went into my room...)
    Me: 	(Found my underwear...)
    Me: 	(And is passing them around like a trophy.)
    Narr:	You become more and more wound-up by the situation...
    Narr:	...which visibly pleases Naomi.
Naomi:	This is so exciting!
Narr:	Naomi, giddy from your clear discomfort claps her hands.
Violet:	*Gasp*
Narr:	Violet, triggered by Naomi's giddy clapping, begins twitching.
Belle:	What's wrong, Violet?
Violet:	*Muffled groan* I... I think I got bit by a fire ant.
Violet:	Sorry, I have to go!
Narr:	As Violet rushes back to the campground, the girls look on...
Narr:	Suspiciously.
Stacy:	It looked like Violet just--
Me: 	Huh? Nah, I think she just got bitten by an ant.
Naomi:	I usually don't make noises like that when I get bitten by ants...
Belle:	Yeah, I make those noises when I'm horny.
Stacy:	Or, reveling near a big fire.
Naomi:	No. Only your people do that, Stacy...
Me: 	You must have misheard, Belle.
Belle:	This was a really, really familiar sound...
    Belle:	Hmm... What do you think, stud?
            Belle:	Startled? I don't usually moan when I'm startled...
                Me: 	I don't think she moaned, though. It was more of a whimper.
                Me: 	Maybe she does? Everybody reacts differently...
                    Belle:	She was moaning and twitching, though...
                        Me: 	That was just her body flinching from the ant bite, Belle.
        Me: 	I didn't really hear her. She was pretty quiet.
            Belle:	Really? Well, to me, it sounded like she moaned.
                Me: 	Are you sure? It really didn't sound like a moan to me.
                    Belle:	I'm preeetty sure. I'm familiar with sounds like that...
                        Me: 	Everyone makes weird sounds when they're startled, Belle.
Narr:	Buying your excuses, Belle stops her questioning.
Belle:	Maybe you're right...
Naomi:	Now I'm also starting to doubt my assumption...
Stacy:	The flame is uncertain.
Me: 	(Good, it seems like they bought it.)
Me: 	If you really want to know, why not ask Violet later?
Naomi:	Meh, I'm kinda over this...
Narr:	As Belle is about to speak up again...
Narr:	Eve approaches you and the girls.
Narr:	Belle gives you a suspicious look, before continuing her questioning.
Belle:	Something's fishy...
Belle:	And, Dennis stinks.
Me: 	Hey!
Me: 	I took a shower today!
Belle:	You know what I meant...
Belle:	Your excuses for Violet don't make sense...
Me: 	(I did a terrible job covering for her...)
Naomi:	She was definitely moaning...
Stacy:	However briefly it may have been.
Belle:	Dennis, now you only made us more curious...
Narr:	As Belle is about to speak up again...
Narr:	Eve approaches you and the girls.
Belle:	Another time, then.
Eve:	Hello girls.
Eve:	Did you enjoy your lunch?
Belle:	Oh, heya.
Belle:	The sandwiches were nice.
Naomi:	They could have been better.
Eve:	I'll make sure to tell the chef, Naomi.
Eve:	Lunch is over, and the sessions are about to resume.
Eve:	I actually came by to get Stacy for her session.
Stacy:	Already?
Eve:	Yes, Stacy.
Stacy:	Are we going to do any pyro-therapy?
Eve:	No...
Eve:	Come with me, and you'll find out soon enough.
Eve:	Naomi and Belle.
Eve:	You two have free time until the barbecue.
Belle:	Awesome, thanks!
Eve:	As do you, Dennis.
Eve:	Let's go, Stacy.
Eve:	Goodbye, ladies.
Narr:	Naomi and Belle return to their cabins as Eve walks away with Stacy.
Narr:	Leaving you alone, to consider your next "activity."
Me: 	(So, I have free time until the barbecue...)
Me: 	(Stacy is with Eve...)
Me: 	(Shit, Stacy is with Eve!)
Me: 	(What if she says something incriminating to Eve!)
Me: 	(She wouldn't. Definitely not on purpose...)
Me: 	(But, what if she accidentally lets something slip?)
Me: 	(I should trust her, though...)
Me: 	(She knows how important it is that this remain private...)
Me: 	*Sigh* (I could also just walk around camp a bit.)
Me: 	(Maybe that would ease my worries about Stacy.)
Me: 	(I wonder what they'll talk about.)
Me: 	(Maybe I can learn more about why Stacy is here...)
Me: 	(She never really explained that...)
Me: 	(Maybe she'd prefer I don't know...)
Me: 	(Secrets are burdens...) 
Me: 	(Especially other peoples' secrets.)
Me: 	(It's a pretty nice day. I could just take a walk around camp.)
            Me: 	(What should I do?)
            Me: 	(What should I do?)
Narr:	Having walked around camp a bit... 
Narr:	You return to the perimeter of the girls' campground.
Me: 	(Well, that was a nice walk.)
Me: 	(Didn't take too long, though...)
Me: 	(I doubt Stacy's session has even really gotten going...)
Narr:	As you contemplate what to do next, you notice someone exit their cabin.
Me: 	(Oh, someone's coming outside.)
Me: 	(It's Naomi. I wonder what she's up to.)
Me: 	Feeling energized by your walk, you greet Naomi enthusiastically.
Me: 	Hey Naomi! What's up?
Naomi:	Hey, Dennis. Not much.
Naomi:	Have you come to entertain me?
Me: 	You think that's the only reason I exist?
Naomi:	I was convinced it was...
Naomi:	Anyway, what're you doing back here?
Naomi:	Miss me?
Me: 	I went for a walk...
Me: 	It just... ended up being a shorter walk than I expected.
Me: 	The camp isn't that big.
Naomi:	Yeah, I could jog around this camp in 5 minutes...
Naomi:	If I decided to jog, that is.
Naomi:	*Quietly* I'd definitely never do it in this heat...
Naomi:	Anyway, what's up?
Me: 	Not much. Killing time before the barbecue.
Naomi:	Not spying on the other girls' sessions?
Me: 	*Chuckle* I'm breaking that habit.
Me: 	It's always an unpleasant surprise to be spotted...
Naomi:	You must be familiar with that feeling by now, though.
Naomi:	*Short laugh* I'm almost starting to think you like it...
Me: 	Trust me, I don't...
Me: 	I'd rather not get into those kinds of situations again.
Naomi:	You sure?
Me: 	Certain.
Me: 	So, what were you about to do?
Me: 	Before I interrupted, that is.
Naomi:	Oh, I don't know.
Naomi:	I was looking for someone to entertain me.
Naomi:	So, your arrival was truly perfect timing.
Me: 	Well, what would entertain you?
    Naomi:	I don't know... Be spontaneous.
            Naomi:	That isn't spontaneous... But, sure. Go ahead.
                Me: 	What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta!
                    Naomi:	That was probably the worst joke I've ever heard.
                            Naomi:	Fine. I got one... My therapist says I have an obsession with vengeance. We'll see about that...
                                Me: 	We'll see about-- *Bursts out laughing* I get it. Good one!
                            Naomi:	It's okay, kid. The showbiz life isn't for everyone.
                                Me: 	I think you're right. I should probably work the concession stand.
                                    Naomi:	Maybe if you work hard, you can make it one day, kid.
                                        Me: 	Thanks, boss. I'm gonna make you proud, you'll see.
                Me: 	I wanted to buy camouflage pants, but I couldn't find any!
                    Naomi:	*Chuckle* Okay, that was actually a decent joke.
                        Me: 	Thank you, thank you. I'll be here all summer.
        Me: 	I'm curious... Other than shopping, what are your hobbies?
            Naomi:	Shopping is a lifestyle, not a hobby. I do have a few hobbies, though...
                    Naomi:	Eww, no. No sports...
                            Naomi:	Well, I do swim in our pool fairly often.
                                    Naomi:	Maybe you'll get the chance... some day.
                                        Me: 	That would be awesome, Naomi... I hope it happens.
                                Me: 	Should I be surprised your castle has a pool?
                        Me: 	Ah yeah, I forgot. Sports would damage your precious skin...
                    Naomi:	You're heading in the right direction...
                            Naomi:	Bingo!
                                    Naomi:	Well, just little things. Short stories... poems.
                                        Me: 	Well, I'd love to hear one of your poems sometime.
                                            Naomi:	Look who's using his brain. You got me.
                                                Me: 	Wow, it was actually a pretty horrifying story.
                                                Me: 	More brain than you... The story wasn't even scary.
                                    Naomi:	Really!
                                        Me: 	Woah. Well, I'm definitely interested in reading your writing.
                                        Me: 	Do you think I'm an idiot? You can't trick me...
                            Naomi:	I do paint... But, that's not what I really enjoy doing.
                                    Naomi:	I might be moonlighting as an amateur writer here and there...
                                        Me: 	Pretty cool. I'd love to read some of your stuff.
                                            Naomi:	Oh, various formats... But, mainly short stories and poems.
                                                Me: 	So... I'm guessing your grandma didn't make up that story?
                                                    Naomi:	You figured it out.
                                                        Me: 	Wow... That was actually a pretty scary story, Naomi.
                                                    Naomi:	Oh, you know, haikus, sonnets... The usual.
Narr:	You and Naomi warmly chat for a bit longer.
Narr:	Both of you are enjoying the weather, and the company.
Naomi:	You know, you're actually pretty cool, Dennis.
Me: 	Likewise, Naomi.
Me: 	I've learned a lot more about you...
Naomi:	And?
Me: 	And, I like who you are. I'm enjoying this.
Me: 	(Why does she hide these details about herself?)
Me: 	(Why does she maintain this ridiculous "rich girl" persona?)
Naomi:	Thank you, Dennis.
Naomi:	I'm also having a good time.
Naomi:	But, I think our time is almost up.
Narr:	Naomi points at Violet, walking up the path toward the campsite.
Naomi:	Violet's done.
Me: 	Which means Eve will want to know where I am...
Naomi:	Probably. She is that way.
Me: 	Well, it was a pleasure, Naomi.
Naomi:	Toodles, Dennis!
Narr:	You wave Naomi goodbye, as you walk back toward the house.
Me: 	(Human beings are complex creatures...)
Narr:	Naomi isn't happy to hear what you said.
Naomi:	You're a dick, Dennis.
Naomi:	Get the hell out of here...
Narr:	Naomi shoos you away before crossing her arms and walking back to her cabin.
Me: 	(So, she doesn't appreciate honesty?)
Me: 	(Then again, I was being pretty rude to her...)
Me: 	(It was a bit uncalled for...)
Me: 	(Oh well, she'll get over it.)
Narr:	Feeling slightly ashamed by how you handled that, you head back to the house.
Narr:	Naomi looks you in the eyes briefly, before looking away smiling.
Narr:	You feel that this was a moment of true connection, between you two.
Me: 	(What was that look?)
Me: 	(It was... tender.)
Naomi:	Dennis...
Me: 	Yeah?
Naomi:	I'm having a really great time with you.
Me: 	Me too, Naomi.
Me: 	You're really fun to be around.
Naomi:	(He's so sweet to me...)
Naomi:	Aww...
Me: 	What is it?
Naomi:	I think our time is up.
Narr:	Naomi points at Violet, walking up the path toward the campsite.
Naomi:	Violet's done...
Me: 	Which means Eve will want to know where I am...
Naomi:	Probably. She is that way.
Me: 	I hope we can spend more time like this, Naomi.
Me: 	(Maybe, we can spend time getting even closer.)
Naomi:	Toodles, Dennis!
Naomi:	(Let's get to know each other on a deeper level next time...)
Narr:	You wave Naomi goodbye, as you walk back toward the house.
Me: 	(Human beings are beautiful, complex creatures...)
Narr:	As you approach the back of the house...
Narr:	You see Eve and Stacy through the plate glass windows of the Community Area.
Me: 	(There they are...)
Narr:	Fueled by your fear, your mind goes into espionage-mode...
Me: 	(I need to find a good hiding spot...)
Me: 	(A spot that could give me the most insight while keeping me hidden.)
Me: 	(If I find a good angle out here I can watch them but not hear them...)
Me: 	(But, if I go inside, I could get caught...)
Me: 	(What to do...)
Me: 	(What to do... What to do...)
    Me: 	(What to do... What to do...)
        Me: 	(I better not risk getting closer...)
        Me: 	(Even though I'm worried Stacy will say something to Eve...)
        Me: 	(Maybe I'm just overthinking this...)
        Me: 	(Better hide, though.)
        Narr:	You quickly hide in a bush in eyeshot of the Community Area.
        Me: 	(This spot is perfect.)
        Me: 	(I can still see their session, but they'd never see me.)
        Narr:	Through the window, from your bush, you see Eve pull out a stack of cards.
        Me: 	(What are they doing?)
        Narr:	A second later, as if answering your question, Eve pulls a card from the stack.
        Narr:	She holds it up with the ink blot on the card facing Stacy.
        Me: 	(Aha... Rorschach testing.)
        Me: 	(I doubt Stacy can say anything that would make Eve suspicious.)
        Me: 	(I wonder what she sees in them, though...)
        Narr:	As you watch Eve pull the cards, and Stacy responding...
        Narr:	Your curiosity gets you thinking about what she could be saying.
        Me: 	(I bet she sees...)
        Me: 	(A fireplace.)
        Me: 	(A pile of ash.)
        Me: 	(A shower of sparks.)
        Me: 	(A... flower?)
        Me: 	(A rising phoenix.)
        Narr:	Eve lowers the final card, and writes something down on a clipboard.
        Narr:	She then smiles at Stacy, and stands up.
        Me: 	(Oh, are they done already?)
        Narr:	Stacy stands up, and Eve walks her to the back door.
        Narr:	Stacy exits the house, and Eve enters her office.
        Me: 	(Shit! Into the bush!)
        Narr:	You duck into the bush, just as Stacy rounds the corner from the deck.
        Narr:	She seems to notice your bush rustling...
        Narr:	...but, she shrugs it off and continues walking away.
        Me: 	(Oh thank sweet baby Jesus. She didn't notice me.)
        Narr:	As you peek your head out of the bush, you notice Violet approaching.
        Me: 	(Oh shit, Violet!)
        Narr:	You quickly duck back into the bush.
        Me: 	(I don't think she saw me, either.)
        Me: 	(I'm so stealthy, they should call me "The Shadow.")
        Narr:	You wait in the bush until you hear Violet's footsteps pass you.
        Me: 	(Just a little further, and I can peek out again.)
        Narr:	You hear a door open, then close.
        Narr:	Soon after, you feel it's safe enough to look.
        Me: 	(She's inside.)
        Me: 	(Oh, they're going into Eve's office.)
        Me: 	(It's probably going to be a more private session...)
        Me: 	(I wonder how Eve will help Violet.)
        Me: 	(Eve's therapies have been pretty interesting today.)
        Me: 	(But, I shouldn't do that to Violet...)
        Me: 	(Agh! The conundrum!)
        Narr:	Still considering what to do, you carefully exit the bush.
        Me: 	(Should I spy on Violet's session, or not?)
            Me: 	(Should I spy on Violet's session, or not?)
                Me: 	(I reeeeally wonder what her session will be...)
                Narr:	Unsurprisingly, your curiosity gets the better of you.
                Me: 	(As long as I stay hidden, I'll be fine.)
                Me: 	(And nobody will find out.)
                Me: 	(No harm, no foul.)
                Narr:	As you reassure yourself that you're in the right, Eve begins speaking.
                Me: 	(I really shouldn't...)
                Me: 	(It just doesn't feel right spying on such a good girl...)
                Me: 	(Plus...)
                Me: 	(If Violet caught me, she'd never forgive me.)
                Me: 	(Guess I'll have to find something else to do.)
                Me: 	(Something less devious.)
                Narr:	As you walk toward the front of the house, you see Stacy down the path.
        Me: 	(Hmm... I'll hear more if I hide closer.)
        Narr:	Convinced by your reasoning, you go toward the deck.
        Me: 	(Hopefully she doesn't say anything about last night...)
        Me: 	(I guess the only way I'll really know...)
        Me: 	(...is if I go inside.)
        Me: 	(It looks like they'll hold the session here...)
        Me: 	(That means I can hide in Eve's office.)
        Me: 	(Hope she doesn't come in here...)
        Narr:	You cautiously enter Eve's office.
        Narr:	Making sure to leave the door ajar, to hear them better.
        Me: 	(This is perfect.)
        Me: 	(Eve can't see me.)
        Me: 	(But, I can hear and see them perfectly.)
        Narr:	Unbeknownst to you at the time, Stacy could see you.
        Eve:	Please, Stacy. Take a seat.
        Stacy:	Of course.
        Stacy:	What will we be doing today?
        Eve:	Well, based on the results of your pre-evaluation...
        Eve:	I believe Rorschach testing will be most impactful, for you.
        Eve:	Have you ever done this kind of testing, Stacy?
        Stacy:	No, I have not.
        Eve:	Well, it's really simple.
        Eve:	I'll show you some cards with ink blots on them.
        Eve:	And, all you have to do is tell me honestly what you see.
        Stacy:	Why would people be dishonest?
        Eve:	To hide themselves from their therapist.
        Eve:	Usually due to personal anxieties or neuroses.
        voice:	voice/e6MCFollBore_539522c4.mp3
        Stacy:	Well, my flock and I are honest.
        voice:	voice/e6MCFollBore_1164e125.mp3
        Stacy:	That is one of our core tenants.
        Me: 	(Thankfully she's only doing Rorschach testing...)
        Me: 	(I doubt Stacy would even be able to spill anything critical.)
        Eve:	So, do you have any questions?
        voice:	voice/e6MCFollBore_87f2abdd.mp3
        Stacy:	Nope. We can begin.
        Eve:	Excellent.
        Narr:	Eve's hand moves down toward the pile of cards, pulling the top one.
        Narr:	She holds it up toward Stacy.
        Me: 	(Crap, I can't see what the ink blotch looks like...)
        Me: 	(Oh well. Her responses are all that matter, anyway.)
        Eve:	What do you see?
        voice:	voice/e6MCFollBore_07383f23.mp3
        Stacy:	I see... A warmly glowing light.
        Eve:	Okay.
        Eve:	What do you see now?
        voice:	voice/e6MCFollBore_e395f6d9.mp3
        Stacy:	I see a crimson lotus emerging from a bed of ashes.
        Eve:	Interesting...
        Eve:	And, now?
        Narr:	Stacy looks at the card, glances in your direction quickly, then back, and answers.
        voice:	voice/e6MCFollBore_41ed9463.mp3
        Stacy:	I see... A young man peeking through the crack in a door.
        Me: 	(WHAT?!)
        Narr:	A sudden, sharp feeling of terror strikes you in the chest.
        Me: 	(SHIT, SHIT, SHIT!)
        Eve:	Hmm?
        voice:	voice/e6MCFollBore_1ffe8975.mp3
        Stacy:	I'm just joking about that one.
        Narr:	Your panic subsides, as you realize Stacy won't rat you out.
        voice:	voice/e6MCFollBore_2ae07b46.mp3
        Stacy:	I see... A golden sunset, and a trail of rising smoke.
        Eve:	Okay. That's it for today.
        Eve:	I think I got enough, from you.
        Eve:	This will be extremely valuable in your therapy.
        voice:	voice/e6MCFollBore_b9596b59.mp3
        Stacy:	That's great...
        voice:	voice/e6MCFollBore_bc6cccd9.mp3
        Stacy:	(I don't need therapy...)
        Narr:	You watch as Eve stands, beckoning Stacy to follow-suit.
        Eve:	Let me walk you to the door.
        Me: 	(Time to bail!) 
        Me: 	(But where, they'll see me if I go through the door!)
        Narr:	You immediately look toward the office window.
        Me: 	(Out the window!)
        Narr:	You quickly slide the window open, and hop over the window-sill.
        Narr:	Just as Eve and Stacy approach the back door.
        Eve:	Oh? Who left this door open?
        Eve:	(Maybe Kiara, or Emily.)
        Narr:	Eve closes the office door, and Stacy exits the Community Area onto the deck.
        Eve:	You have a bit of time before the barbecue tonight.
        Eve:	Enjoy yourself, until then.
        voice:	voice/e6MCFollBore_fe3ef262.mp3
        Stacy:	Thank you. Bye, Eve.
        Narr:	Stacy walks away from the Community Area.
        Narr:	As she does, she spots Violet approaching and they stop to talk.
        Stacy:	Hello, Violet!
        Violet:	Hey, Stacy. How was your session?
        Narr:	Realizing you'd be spotted spying if they turned around...
        Narr:	...you lie down behind the outdoor couch.
        Stacy:	My session was interesting. Very enlightening.
        Violet:	That's good. Well, I gotta go.
        voice:	voice/e6MCFollBore_94712097.mp3
        Violet:	Don't want to keep Eve waiting...
        Stacy:	Goodbye, Violet. See you later!
        Narr:	Violet continues on toward the deck...
        Narr:	Luckily, she doesn't notice you.
        Narr:	Soon after, you hear her enter the house.
        Me: 	(I wonder where her session will be held...)
        Narr:	Now squatting behind the couch, you get your answer almost immediately...
        Narr:	The office door opens.
        Me: 	(Oh, they'll be in her office, I guess...)
        Me: 	(It's probably going to be a more private session...)
        Me: 	(I wonder how Eve will help Violet.)
        Me: 	(Eve's therapies have been pretty interesting today.)
        Me: 	(But, I shouldn't do that to Violet...)
        Me: 	(Agh! The conundrum!)
        Narr:	Still considering what to do, you carefully exit the bush.
        Me: 	(Should I spy on Violet's session, or not?)
            Me: 	(Hmm...)
                Me: 	(I reeeeally wonder what her session will be...)
                Narr:	Unsurprisingly, your curiosity gets the better of you.
                Me: 	(As long as I stay hidden, I'll be fine.)
                Me: 	(And nobody will find out.)
                Me: 	(No harm, no foul.)
                Narr:	As you reassure yourself that you're in the right, Eve begins speaking.
                Me: 	(I really shouldn't...)
                Me: 	(It just doesn't feel right spying on such a good girl...)
                Me: 	(Plus...)
                Me: 	(If Violet caught me, she'd never forgive me.)
                Me: 	(Guess I'll have to find something else to do.)
                Me: 	(Something less devious.)
                Narr:	As you walk toward the front of the house, you see Stacy on the path.
Narr:	As you approach the back of the house...
Narr:	You see Eve and Stacy through the plate glass windows of the Community Area.
Me: 	(There they are...)
Narr:	Fueled by bored curiosity, you're eager to spy on Stacy's session.
Me: 	(I need to find a good hiding spot...)
Me: 	(A spot that could give me the most insight while keeping me hidden.)
Me: 	(If I find a good angle out here I can watch them but not hear them...)
Me: 	(But, if I go inside, I could potentially get caught...)
Me: 	(What to do... What to do...)
    Me: 	(What to do... What to do...)
        Me: 	(I think I'll get enough entertainment out here.)
        Me: 	(I can't just stand out here in the open, though...)
        Me: 	(Maybe the bush?)
        Narr:	You quickly hide in a bush in eyeshot of the Community Area.
        Me: 	(This spot is perfect.)
        Me: 	(I can still see their session, but they'd never see me.)
        Narr:	Through the window, from your bush, you see Eve pull out a stack of cards.
        Me: 	(What are they doing?)
        Narr:	A second later, as if answering your question, Eve pulls a card from the stack.
        Narr:	She holds it up with the ink blot on the card facing Stacy.
        Me: 	(Aha... Rorschach testing.)
        Me: 	(I wonder what she'll sees in them.)
        Narr:	As you watch Eve pull the cards, and Stacy responding...
        Narr:	Your curiosity gets you thinking about what she could be saying.
        Me: 	(I bet she sees...)
        Me: 	*Thinking in Stacy's voice* (A flaaaming log.)
        Me: 	*Thinking in Stacy's voice* (A pile of the softest ash.)
        Me: 	*Thinking in Stacy's voice* (A hot shower of sparks.)
        Me: 	*Thinking in Stacy's voice* (A glooowing ember.)
        Me: 	*Thinking in Stacy's voice* (The Heavenly Phoenix Lotus!)
        Narr:	Eve lowers the final card, and writes something down on a clipboard.
        Narr:	She then smiles at Stacy, and stands up.
        Me: 	(Oh, are they done already?)
        Narr:	Stacy stands up, and Eve walks her to the back door.
        Narr:	Stacy exits the house, and Eve enters her office.
        Me: 	(Shit! Into the bush!)
        Narr:	You duck into the bush, just as Stacy rounds the corner from the deck.
        Narr:	She seems to notice your bush rustling...
        Narr:	...but, she shrugs it off and continues walking away.
        Me: 	(Oh thank sweet baby Jesus. She didn't notice me.)
        Narr:	As you peek your head out of the bush, you notice Violet approaching.
        Me: 	(Oh shit, Violet!)
        Narr:	You quickly duck back into the bush.
        Me: 	(I don't think she saw me, either.)
        Me: 	(I'm so stealthy, they should call me "The Shadow.")
        Narr:	You wait in the bush until you hear Violet's footsteps pass you.
        Me: 	(Just a little further, and I can peek out again.)
        Narr:	You hear a door open, then close.
        Narr:	Soon after, you feel it's safe enough to look.
        Me: 	(She's inside.)
        Me: 	(Oh, they're going into Eve's office.)
        Me: 	(It's probably going to be a more private session...)
        Me: 	(I wonder how Eve will help Violet.)
        Me: 	(Eve's therapies have been pretty interesting today.)
        Me: 	(But, I shouldn't do that to Violet...)
        Me: 	(Agh! The conundrum!)
        Narr:	Still considering what to do, you carefully exit the bush.
        Me: 	(Should I spy on Violet's session, or not?)
            Me: 	(Should I spy on Violet's session, or not?)
                Me: 	(I reeeeally wonder what her session will be...)
                Narr:	Unsurprisingly, your curiosity gets the better of you.
                Me: 	(As long as I stay hidden, I'll be fine.)
                Me: 	(And nobody will find out.)
                Me: 	(No harm, no foul.)
                Narr:	As you reassure yourself that you're in the right, Eve begins speaking.
                Me: 	(I really shouldn't...)
                Me: 	(It just doesn't feel right spying on such a good girl...)
                Me: 	(Plus...)
                Me: 	(If Violet caught me, she'd never forgive me.)
                Me: 	(Guess I'll have to find something else to do.)
                Me: 	(Something less devious.)
                Narr:	As you walk toward the front of the house, you see Stacy on the path.
        Me: 	(Hmm... I'll hear more if I hide closer.)
        Narr:	Consumed by your mischievous curiosity, you go toward the deck.
        Me: 	(I wonder what Eve will talk to Stacy about.)
        Me: 	(I guess the only way I'll really know...)
        Me: 	(...is if I go inside.)
        Me: 	(It looks like they'll hold the session here...)
        Me: 	(That means I can hide in Eve's office.)
        Me: 	(Hope she doesn't come in here...)
        Narr:	You cautiously enter Eve's office.
        Narr:	Making sure to leave the door ajar, to hear them better.
        Me: 	(This is perfect.)
        Me: 	(Eve can't see me.)
        Me: 	(But, I can hear and see them perfectly.)
        Narr:	Unbeknownst to you at the time, Stacy could see you.
        Eve:	Please, Stacy. Take a seat.
        Stacy:	Of course.
        Stacy:	What will we be doing today?
        Eve:	Well, based on the results of your pre-evaluation...
        Eve:	I believe Rorschach testing will be most impactful, for you.
        Eve:	Have you ever done this kind of testing, Stacy?
        Stacy:	No, I have not.
        Eve:	Well, it's really simple.
        Eve:	I'll show you some cards with ink blots on them.
        Eve:	And, all you have to do is tell me honestly what you see.
        Stacy:	Why would people be dishonest?
        Eve:	To hide themselves from their therapist.
        Eve:	Usually due to personal anxieties or neuroses.
        Stacy:	Well, my flock and I are honest.
        Stacy:	That is one of our core tenants.
        Me: 	(Thankfully she's only doing Rorschach testing...)
        Me: 	(I doubt Stacy would even be able to spill anything critical.)
        Eve:	So, do you have any questions?
        Stacy:	Nope. We can begin.
        Eve:	Excellent.
        Narr:	Eve's hand moves down toward the pile of cards, pulling the top one.
        Narr:	She holds it up toward Stacy.
        Me: 	(Crap, I can't see what the ink blotch looks like...)
        Me: 	(Oh well. Her responses are all that matter, anyway.)
        Eve:	What do you see?
        Stacy:	I see... A warmly glowing light.
        Eve:	Okay.
        Eve:	What do you see now?
        Stacy:	I see a crimson lotus emerging from a bed of ashes.
        Eve:	Interesting...
        Eve:	And, now?
        Narr:	Stacy looks at the card, glances in your direction quickly, then back, and answers.
        Stacy:	I see... A young man peeking through the crack in a door.
        Me: 	(WHAT?!)
        Narr:	A sudden, sharp feeling of terror strikes you in the chest.
        Me: 	(SHIT, SHIT, SHIT!)
        Eve:	Hmm?
        Stacy:	I'm just joking about that one.
        Narr:	Your panic subsides, as you realize Stacy won't rat you out.
        Stacy:	I see... A golden sunset, and a trail of rising smoke.
        Eve:	Okay. That's it for today.
        Eve:	I think I got enough, from you.
        Eve:	This will be extremely valuable in your therapy.
        Stacy:	That's great...
        Stacy:	(I don't need therapy...)
        Narr:	You watch as Eve stands, beckoning Stacy to follow-suit.
        Eve:	Let me walk you to the door.
        Me: 	(Time to bail!) 
        Me: 	(But where, they'll see me if I go through the door!)
        Narr:	You immediately look toward the office window.
        Me: 	(Out the window!)
        Narr:	You quickly slide the window open, and hop over the window-sill.
        Narr:	Just as Eve and Stacy approach the back door.
        Eve:	Oh? Who left this door open?
        Eve:	Maybe Kiara, or Emily.
        Narr:	Eve closes the office door, and Stacy exits the Community Area onto the deck.
        Eve:	You have a bit of time before the barbecue tonight.
        Eve:	Enjoy yourself, until then.
        Stacy:	Thank you. Bye, Eve.
        Narr:	Stacy walks away from the Community Area.
        Narr:	As she does, she spots Violet approaching and they stop to talk.
        Stacy:	Hello, Violet!
        Violet:	Hey, Stacy. How was your session?
        Narr:	Realizing you'd be spotted spying if they turned around...
        Narr:	...you lie down behind the outdoor couch.
        Stacy:	My session was interesting. Very enlightening.
        Violet:	That's good. Well, I gotta go.
        Violet:	Don't want to keep Eve waiting...
        Stacy:	Goodbye, Violet. See you later!
        Narr:	Violet continues on toward the deck...
        Narr:	Luckily, she doesn't notice you.
        Narr:	Soon after, you hear her enter the house.
        Me: 	(I wonder where her session will be held...)
        Narr:	Now squatting behind the couch, you get your answer almost immediately...
        Narr:	The office door opens.
        Me: 	(Oh, they'll be in her office, I guess...)
        Me: 	(It's probably going to be a more private session...)
        Me: 	(I wonder how Eve will help Violet.)
        Me: 	(Eve's therapies have been pretty interesting today.)
        Me: 	(But, I shouldn't do that to Violet...)
        Me: 	(Agh! The conundrum!)
        Narr:	Still considering what to do, you carefully exit the bush.
        Me: 	(Should I spy on Violet's session, or not?)
            Me: 	(Hmm...)
                Me: 	(I reeeeally wonder what her session will be...)
                Narr:	Unsurprisingly, your curiosity gets the better of you.
                Me: 	(As long as I stay hidden, I'll be fine.)
                Me: 	(And nobody will find out.)
                Me: 	(No harm, no foul.)
                Narr:	As you reassure yourself that you're in the right, Eve begins speaking.
                Me: 	(I reeeeally wonder what her session will be...)
                Narr:	Unsurprisingly, your curiosity gets the better of you. 
                Me: 	(As long as I stay hidden, I'll be fine.)
                Me: 	(And nobody will find out.)
                Me: 	(No harm, no foul.)
                Narr:	As you reassure yourself that you're in the right, Eve begins speaking.
Me: 	(I could go hang out with Stacy a bit.)
Me: 	(The couch seems pretty inviting right now, too...)
Me: 	(Despite the house's lack of air conditioning.)
        Me: 	At which door should I enter?
Narr:	You enter the main house through the back door.
Narr:	Eve is sitting on the couch, reading a book.
Eve:	Huh?
Eve:	Oh. Hello, Dennis.
Eve:	Got tired of using the front door?
Me: 	I realized this door gets neglected a lot.
Me: 	So, I chose to take the scenic route.
Eve:	I see.
Eve:	I too like to take the road less traveled.
Eve:	Anyway, how's your day going?
Me: 	Pretty good...
Me: 	Happy to not be doing constant chores for once.
Eve:	I'm glad you're enjoying your mostly-off day.
Eve:	You'll need that energy for the days to come.
Narr:	You open the front door, and step inside the house.
Narr:	Immediately, you notice Eve sitting on the couch, reading a book.
Me: 	Hey, Eve.
Eve:	Hi, Dennis. How's your day going?
Me: 	Pretty good...
Me: 	Happy to not be doing constant chores for once.
Eve:	I'm glad you're enjoying your mostly-off day.
Eve:	You'll need that energy for the days to come.
Eve:	Wanna join me on the couch?
Eve:	Relax, maybe chat a little?
Me: 	Sure
Me: 	What's... up?
Me: 	Someone's relaxed.
Eve:	Well, because I have nothing to worry about.
Me: 	(Fuck...)
Me: 	(If she knew what the girls have been doing...)
Me: 	That's good to hear, Eve.
Narr:	Eve places her book on the coffee table, and turns to you.
Eve:	Well, aren't you going to sit down?
Me: 	Ah, if you insist.
Eve:	Come on, Dennis. I don't bite.
Eve:	Take a load off.
Narr:	You abide by Eve's request, and take a seat on the couch.
Eve:	So, how's your day been?
Eve:	Hopefully you haven't been working too hard.
Eve:	*Chuckle* Or, working too little?
Me: 	I mean, I didn't have any tasks assigned to me.
Eve:	I'm just messing with you, don't worry.
Me: 	You seem pretty relaxed today...
Me: 	Something nice happen?
Eve:	Why, yes, actually.
Eve:	The nicest thing that could happen.
Eve:	The patients' therapies are going smoothly.
Me: 	Well, that's good to hear.
Me: 	Do you think all of them will be cured?
Eve:	Well, certain cases are more difficult than others to remedy...
Eve:	But, yes. I think we will help them all.
Me: 	That's great to hear.
    Eve:	So, how has college been?
            Eve:	That's good to hear. Any classes giving you difficulties?
                Me: 	Not really. Things only get hard in the final year.
                    Eve:	You're right about that. I remember my first years of college fondly...
                        Me: 	Oh, yeah? Tell me a story from your "glory days."
                            Eve:	Well, what kind of story do you want to hear?
                                    Eve:	Oh, I don't know... My college days weren't very eventful.
                                        Me: 	You sure? You've gotta have some good stories.
                        Me: 	Were your classmates dinosaurs, by any chance?
                            Eve:	Oooooh... Very original. No, I'm not that old...
                                    Eve:	Good to see some self-awareness...
                                        Me: 	*Chuckle* You know that's not my strong suit.
                                        Me: 	*Quietly* You'd benefit from a healthy dose of that, too...
                    Eve:	Which class?
                            Eve:	Oh, come on. You can't be serious...
                                    Eve:	Really? Even after all those summers hearing my "free lectures?"
                                        Me: 	You know, I didn't really get all that psycho-babble.
                                        Me: 	I guess it all just went in one ear and out the other.
                                    Eve:	*Soft chuckle* You're quite the comedian.
                                            Eve:	What's so difficult about it?
                                                Me: 	There are just so many formulas you need to memorize...
                                                Me: 	Well, one tiny mistake becomes a huge error on a test...
                        Me: 	Well... Math was always my weakest subject.
                            Eve:	Where do you struggle with math?
                                Me: 	One mistake has a snowball effect in multipart problems...
            Eve:	Ups and downs?
                    Eve:	That's great to hear! Care to share?
                        Me: 	I always feel amazing after getting 90%% or more on exams.
                            Eve:	Of course, that's something to be proud of.
                        Me: 	Yeah, I've spent time with two really great girls...
                            Eve:	*Chuckle* Woah, there! You're quite the player, huh?
                                Me: 	*Chuckle* I didn't mean at the same time, Eve.
                    Eve:	Sorry to hear that... You want to talk about it?
                        Me: 	Sure... Recently, Jane and I ended whatever we had going...
                            Eve:	Well, that's a shame... What caused it?
                                Me: 	She thought there was a rift forming between us...
    Eve:	I swear, if you tell anyone what I tell you...
    Me: 	I won't tell a soul.
    Eve:	I'll hold you to that.
    Eve:	Well, okay. Here it goes...
    Eve:	When I was in college, I joined a sorority...
    Eve:	It wasn't one of those sororities you see in the movies.
    Eve:	I was quite timid, even a bit of a bookworm, back then.
    Eve:	Our sorority house was kind of... unusual.
    Eve:	Something in between a study group and a party house.
    Me: 	(Party nerds?)
    Eve:	I know what you're thinking.
    Eve:	"Sounds boring."
    Me: 	Well, no--
    Eve:	I wouldn't disagree with you, but the parties some of our girls threw...
    Eve:	Well, when they happened, they were the talk of the campus.
    Me: 	I'm listening...
    Eve:	Hmm... Okay. I know the perfect party to tell you about.
    Eve:	It was a pretty hot autumn, and getting close to Halloween...
    Eve:	We were just about finished with our midterms...
    Eve:	And, so eager to let our hair down a little.
    Eve:	So, we decided to organize a party at our house.
    Eve:	We decorated the place to look like an old Victorian manor...
    Me: 	Sounds spooky.
    Eve:	Oh, it was.
    Eve:	The cherry on top involved the old stone pond in the back yard...
    Me: 	A pond?
    Eve:	I'll get to that...
    Me: 	Okay, okay.
    Eve:	So, we had our friends pass our fliers, and spread the word...
    Eve:	By nightfall, tons of people were congregating on the front lawn.
    Eve:	We started letting them in, and within an hour the house was full.
    Eve:	The music was loud, the drinks flowing...
    Me: 	(Sounds like a bumpin' party.)
    Eve:	As the night went on, the perfect time was approaching...
    Eve:	One of my housemates got the partygoers' attention...
    Eve:	And, that was our cue.
    Eve:	A few housemates and I threw these huge blocks of dry ice into the pond.
    Eve:	Which, in turn, released the spookiest-looking fog.
    Eve:	The girls went wild.
    Eve:	Within moments they were jumping into the pond, splashing around...
    Me: 	(Damn, that sounds like a Halloween party at the Playboy mansion...)
    Eve:	We lost control of the partygoers. They got pretty rowdy...
    Eve:	The party was shut down around 3am...
    Eve:	Ah... What a night.
    Me: 	(Looks like Eve has a wild side.)
    Eve:	My most difficult class...
    Eve:	Hmm...
    Eve:	You know, I'd probably have to say neurobiology.
    Eve:	(Neurobiology? And, I thought math was hard...)
    Eve:	Yeah, it's definitely neurobiology.
    Eve:	There was this one term I was studying like a maniac...
    Eve:	All for this one final exam.
    Me: 	Neurobiology?
    Eve:	Yeah. The teacher was an old codger...
    Eve:	Nearly blind, and very... traditional.
    Me: 	Was he teaching during The Renaissance?
    Eve:	*Chuckle* You know? He might have.
    Eve:	Anyway... He wanted us to practically memorize the entire textbook...
    Eve:	All the terminology, all the theories and systems...
    Eve:	By the second week of studying, I was truly losing my marbles.
    Eve:	I hadn't slept in 3 days, and barely eaten much food...
    Eve:	I was a machine built to study, and fueled by that sweet black liquid...
    Me: 	Coffee.
    Eve:	Exactly. I was a machine and coffee was my fuel.
    Eve:	So, finally the day came...
    Eve:	I sat down, looked around at all the other panicked students.
    Eve:	The old man showed up, passed out the exams, and smiled...
    Me: 	(What an ass...)
    Eve:	He got some sick joy in failing students.
    Eve:	And, the look of abject terror on the young faces in front of him.
    Eve:	There are some professors out there that make that their goal...
    Eve:	I, personally, see that as a sign of that professor's failure.
    Eve:	Back to the point...
    Eve:	I focused, filled in the exam to the best of my abilities, and turned it in.
    Me: 	And?
    Eve:	And, I ended up getting a 95 %% and rubbing it in his face, subtlely.
    Me: 	Nice!
    Me: 	That's one of the best ways to stick it to a teacher like that.
    Eve:	Yeah. Yeah, it is...
    Eve:	I'm sorry to hear that, Dennis...
    Eve:	I can sympathize with you.
    Eve:	I've had my fair share of heartbreak throughout my life...
    Me: 	Yeah?
    Eve:	Yeah.
    Eve:	It gets better. Just give it time.
    Me: 	Thanks, Eve...
    Narr:	Eve looks annoyed by your rude comment.
    Eve:	And here I thought you had matured...
    Eve:	You still have some work to do.
    Narr:	You roll your eyes at Eve, and both of you go quiet.
    Eve:	A young Casanova, you say?
    Eve:	(I hope he's not trying anything with the patients...)
    Me: 	It's just something a friend of mine called me.
    Eve:	But, why would he call you that?
    Eve:	Don't you know what that means, ladykiller?
    Me: 	Oh, that's what it means?
    Me: 	I thought they made that phrase up.
    Eve:	Of course they didn't...
    Eve:	That phrase refers to to Giovanni Giacomo.
    Eve:	A figure from history often portrayed as a womanizer.
    Me: 	*Chuckle* Oh, I'm definitely not that.
    Eve:	(Yeah, I really hope you aren't...)
    Eve:	Well, your friend must have been calling you that ironically, then.
    Me: 	People do love to make me the butt of jokes.
    Eve:	I won't push it...
    Eve:	Whatever it is, though... I'm sorry it happened.
    Me: 	Thanks, Eve.
    Eve:	I'm here for you, Dennis.
    Me: 	I really appreciate it.
Narr:	Suddenly, you both hear the beeping noise of a phone alarm...
Narr:	Which interrupts the conversation you were having with Eve.
Eve:	Oh, would you look at the time.
Eve:	Sorry, Dennis. Looks like our time is up.
Me: 	(Now I feel like one of her patients...)
Me: 	(Talking with a deadline.)
Me: 	It's fine. What's the alarm for?
Eve:	It's a little head's-up that we need to start preparing the barbecue.
Me: 	You're probably going to need my help, huh?
Eve:	*Chuckle* How'd you know, Mr. Chef?
Me: 	I'm going to be the grillmaster?
Eve:	Yes you are.
Me: 	Cool.
Eve:	Anyway, let's go.
Eve:	Kiara should be meeting us in the kitchen, shortly.
Narr:	You follow Eve the short distance into the kitchen.
Narr:	Deciding to follow Stacy, you jog after her, down the path.
Me: 	Hey, Stacy!
Me: 	Wait up!
Narr:	You quickly catch up to Stacy, who greets you with a happy smile.
Stacy:	Hello, Dennis.
Stacy:	What are you doing running after me?
Me: 	I saw you down the path, and decided to see what you're up to.
Stacy:	Oh, you want to spend time with me?
Me: 	Maybe...
Me: 	My main thought was just to say hello.
Me: 	You may change my mind, though.
Stacy:	I enjoy the time we spend together.
Stacy:	And, well...
Eve:	Hello, Violet.
Eve:	How are you today?
Violet:	Hi, Dr. Eve. I'm doing well, thank you.
Violet:	How are you?
Eve:	I'm fine, thanks for asking.
Eve:	Well, Violet...
Eve:	You know that your situation is far more... sensitive.
Violet:	Yes... I know.
Eve:	Because of this, the kinds of therapies available to you are limited.
Violet:	Oh...
Eve:	Don't be disheartened, Violet.
Eve:	I'll do my best to help you.
Eve:	In fact, I think I have an idea what might help...
Violet:	That's wonderful.
Eve:	However, it will take your complete cooperation.
Me: 	(Complete cooperation?)
Eve:	Despite how odd it may be to you, at first.
Violet:	Odd?
Eve:	Well, not exactly odd.
Eve:	Rather, something you may not be used to.
Violet:	Okay, I'll give you my complete cooperation.
Eve:	Excellent. Then, we can begin...
Eve:	Today, you will only go through a preliminary hypnotherapy session.
Eve:	We want to ease you into it, so there are no adverse side-effects.
Violet:	Side-effects?
Eve:	You really don't need to worry about them.
Me: 	(I wonder what those side-effects are...)
Eve:	We'll take this slowly, to properly acclimate your mind, so to speak.
Violet:	Okay, I trust you.
Violet:	I have been feeling better since arriving here...
Eve:	You have quite a journey still.
Violet:	I know. I'm ready to conquer this challenge.
Narr:	You reposition yourself underneath the window...
Narr:	A spot where you have a better vantage point.
Me: 	(I can see them fine, from here.)
Me: 	(Not the best, but better than my last angle.)
Narr:	As you peer through the window once more... 
Narr:	...you see Eve take something out of her pocket.
Me: 	(What's that?)
Eve:	This is a simple pendulum.
Eve:	I'll need you to focus on it as it swings.
Eve:	And, listen to me very carefully.
Violet:	Okay...
Me: 	(She's doing hypnotherapy on Violet?)
Me: 	(This is gonna be interesting...)
Eve:	In a moment, I am going to ease you into relaxation.
Narr:	Eve begins swinging the pendulum as she speaks more calmly.
Eve:	Follow the pendulum with your eyes, and listen to my voice.
Eve:	I am going to count down from ten, to one.
Violet:	Okay...
Eve:	The moment I say the number ten, you will let your eyelids grow heavy...
Eve:	...allowing them to close, and remain closed.
Violet:	Yes...
Eve:	The moment I say the number ten...
Eve:	...you will, in your mind, see yourself atop a set of stairs.
Eve:	The moment I say the number nine, and every other number counting down...
Eve:	You will move down those stairs, relaxing more with each step.
Violet:	Mhm...
Eve:	At the bottom of the stairs is a large, comfortable bed.
Eve:	A bed with silky sheets, and feathered pillows.
Violet:	Sounds pleasant...
Eve:	The moment I say the number one...
Eve:	...you will sink into the bed, and rest your head on the soft pillow.
Eve:	Follow the pendulum...
Eve:	Starting with ten... Let your eyes grow heavy...
Eve:	Ten... Your eyes grow heavier.
Eve:	Nine... You're relaxing, and letting go.
Eve:	Eight... Sink into a more comfortable position.
Eve:	Seven...
Eve:	Six... Another step...
Eve:	Five... You're calm, and relaxing more.
Eve:	Four...
Eve:	Three... Breathe in slowly.
Eve:	Two... You're nearly at the luxurious bed...
Eve:	One... 
Eve:	Let yourself sink into the comfortable bed...
Eve:	Let every muscle go limp and loose, as you sink into calmness.
Eve:	Good, gooood...
Narr:	Eve puts the pendulum down, before speaking once more.
Eve:	How do you feel, Violet?
Violet:	I feel... Relaxed.
Eve:	That's great.
Eve:	Listen to my voice...
Violet:	I am listening to your voice.
Eve:	Good.
Eve:	Now that you're relaxed, I am going to give you affirmations...
Me: 	(Hmm? Affirmations?)
Eve:	...and, you will embrace them fully.
Violet:	I will embrace them fully.
Me: 	(Woah, okay... This is getting interesting.)
Eve:	First, we will begin with simple affirmations...
Eve:	These will modify your behavior...
Eve:	Both conscious and subconscious.
Me: 	(What the hell is Eve doing?)
Me: 	(This sounds like some MK ULTRA shit...)
Eve:	You are relaxed.
Violet:	I am relaxed.
Eve:	You are emerging...
Violet:	I am emerging...
Me: 	(Emerging?)
Eve:	...from your shell.
Violet:	...from my shell.
Me: 	(This is so weird...)
Eve:	You are comfortable at Red Falls.
Violet:	I am comfortable at Red Falls.
Eve:	You are comfortable with the other girls.
Violet:	I am comfortable with the other girls.
Me: 	(She's suggesting for Violet to become more... open?)
Eve:	You are comfortable with your body.
Violet:	I am comfotable with my body.
Eve:	You are not triggered by clapping, anymore.
Violet:	I am not triggered by clapping, anymore.
Me: 	(Oh...)
Me: 	(I think I see where Eve is taking this...)
Eve:	Now, Violet... I'm going to test something...
Violet:	Now... Violet... I'm going to--
Me: 	(Heh, this is actually kinda funny.)
Eve:	No, no. Please don't repeat this.
Violet:	Okay.
Narr:	Eve slowly raises her hands in front of herself...
Narr:	Looking concerned, and acting cautiously, Eve claps twice.
Me: 	(Uh-oh...)
Violet:	Mmmff... Ahh...
Me: 	(Eve just made Violet... cum!)
Me: 	(What the hell?!)
Eve:	*Quietly* Damn. I hoped that would help...
Eve:	You are calm. You are relaxed.
Violet:	I am... calm. I'm... relaxed.
Eve:	I will count up to three...
Eve:	On three... You will come back to us, and open your eyes.
Violet:	I will come back...
Eve:	One...
Eve:	Two...
Eve:	Three.
Narr:	Violet opens her eyes, as Eve says three.
Eve:	Welcome back, Violet.
Eve:	How do you feel?
Violet:	I... uhh...
Violet:	I feel a bit weird... 
Violet:	But... also really relaxed.
Me: 	(This was the most bizarre session yet...)
Me: 	(I think I've seen too much.)
Narr:	As you crouch to sneak away...
Narr:	You hear someone whisper in your ear.
Stacy:	*Whisper* What are you dooooing?
Me: 	*Quiet gasp* Aah. Uh, hey Stacy.
Narr:	Attempting to divert attion from what you were doing...
Narr:	You bear hug Stacy, pulling her away from the window.
Me: 	I'm so happy to see you!
Stacy:	I am pleased to see you too, Dennis.
Me: 	(That was pretty smooth...)
Me: 	(But, I'm probably not out of the woods yet.)
Narr:	You put your arm over Stacy's shoulder and walk her to the front of the house.
    Stacy:	What were you doing over there?
            Stacy:	Are you... watching Violet?
                    Stacy:	Oh? For tribute?
                            Stacy:	Who are you paying tribute to?
            Stacy:	Oh? You wish to pay tribute to the divine flame?
                    Stacy:	I'm certain you will succeed. Do you require help?
                            Stacy:	The ashen kings? One does not pay tribute to them...
                Me: 	Yeah, I just wanted to get closer to the ashy kings.
                    Stacy:	The ashy kings? One does not pay tribute to them...
                        Me: 	Ah, you're right. I misspoke. I meant the flame... of creation.
Narr:	Stacy scowls at you suspiciously...
Stacy:	I feel as though...
Stacy:	You're being deceitful.
Me: 	I swear, I'm telling you the truth.
Stacy:	(The flame never lies...)
Stacy:	I am disheartened by your actions... Dennis.
Stacy:	It will take some time for the flame to forgive your dishonesty.
Me: 	(Shit, I didn't convince her...)
Me: 	I'm sorry, Stacy...
Stacy:	I must leave you, now.
Stacy:	See you at the barbecue.
Narr:	Without actually saying goodbye, Stacy walks away sullenly.
Stacy:	(Why was he... watching her?)
Stacy:	(What does he think of her...)
Stacy:	(Heavenly... please guide me...)
Me: 	(She may burn me alive in my sleep for this...)
Me: 	*Shudder*
Narr:	Realizing you messed up, you walk over to the front steps.
Narr:	Sitting on the front steps of the house, you collect your thoughts.
Me: 	(I hope she'll forgive me...)
Narr:	However, you are interrupted by Violet walking toward you.
Violet:	Hey, Dennis! What's wrong?
Me: 	Oh, nothing. I'm just feeling a bit tired...
Violet:	That's too bad. It's such a nice day!
Violet:	We have a little free time before the barbecue...
Violet:	I might take a dip in the lake. It's pretty refreshing.
Violet:	If you're feeling up for it, you could join me?
Me: 	Huh? Oh... no, I can't.
Me: 	I think I'm needed here.
Violet:	(Oh, that's such a shame...)
Violet:	(Why am I feeling so... open?)
Violet:	See you later, then.
Me: 	See you, Violet.
Me: 	(Why was she being so open with me?)
Me: 	(She's usually so shy...)
Me: 	(Odd.)
Narr:	Violet walks away from you and down the path, energetically.
Stacy:	Aaahh...
Stacy:	I am happy...
Me: 	Oh?
Stacy:	I am happy to be here, with you.
Stacy:	You seem to respect my beliefs...
Stacy:	I am not used to this.
Stacy:	At best... most people just mock us...
Stacy:	At worst, they threaten us with violence...
Stacy:	...sometimes acting on their violent impulses.
Me: 	I'm sorry to hear that, Stacy...
Narr:	Stacy becomes more cheerful, in an attempt to ease your mind.
Stacy:	Oh, do not worry. We are strong in body and spirit.
Me: 	(You sure are...)
Narr:	You walk with Stacy to the front of the house.
Stacy:	Dennis... I have an idea.
Stacy:	Will you hear me out?
Me: 	Sure, Stacy.
Stacy:	I would like to spend more time with you.
Stacy:	We still have some free time before the barbecue this evening, you know?
Me: 	(I wonder where this is going...)
Me: 	Yes?
Stacy:	I would like you to come with me... somewhere.
Me: 	Will you tell me where we're going?
Stacy:	*Giggle* That would ruin half the fun.
Stacy:	Do you trust me?
Me: 	(That's a good question...)
Me: 	(Do I?)
Stacy:	Well... Do you?
Me: 	I do, Stacy.
Stacy:	Good. Then, will you join me?
Me: 	(Hmm... Will I?)
    Me: 	(Hmm... Will I?)
        Me: 	You know what?
        Stacy:	Oh?
        Me: 	I'll join you, Stacy.
        Narr:	You see a glimmer in Stacy's eyes as you say this.
        Stacy:	Oh, wonderful!
        Stacy:	Take my hand.
        Narr:	As you grab Stacy's hand, she guides you off the path...
        Narr:	...and back to her secret spot.
        Stacy:	We're here. This is my secret place.
        Me: 	Your secret place?
        Stacy:	Yes. I found this place the first day I got here.
        Stacy:	I come here to get away from the others, and commune with my deities.
        Me: 	I thought you needed fire for that.
        Stacy:	Oh, no. 
        Stacy:	Not every kind of communication requires a burning connection.
        Me: 	Interesting...
        Stacy:	There are other forms of connection...
        Stacy:	...that allow divine communication.
        Me: 	(Is she--)
        Narr:	Stacy comes closer to you, and embraces you.
        Narr:	Her lips kiss your neck sensually
        Narr:	Then meet your lips.
        Stacy:	Touch me...
        Me: 	Okay.
        Narr:	You touch Stacy's breast, as she begins touching herself.
        Stacy:	We can't bask in the heat of pleasure for too long...
        Stacy:	The others may become suspicious.
        Me: 	You read my mind, Stacy.
        Me: 	(Seems she's starting to get the M.O.)
        Narr:	She drops to her knees, while continuing to touch herself...
        Narr:	...only stopping to pull down your pants, exposing your member to her.
        Me: 	(Fuck yeah... I really like this pacing...)
        Stacy:	You're filling up... with the warmth of pleasure.
        Narr:	Stacy places her hand around your cock, and begins stroking it.
        Stacy:	Do you enjoy this?
        Me: 	Oh yeah... This is nice, Stacy.
        Narr:	She continues stroking you methodically, and with intent.
        Narr:	It appears she enjoys this almost as much as you do.
        Stacy:	I think you'll like this.
        Me: 	Hmm? Wha--
        Narr:	Before you can even finish your thought...
        Narr:	You're thrust into the realm of intense pleasure,
        Narr:	as Stacy takes your cock into her mouth.
        Me: 	*Moan* Aaaahhh... Yeah...
        Stacy:	Mmmm...
        Narr:	Stacy continues sucking your long, hard cock...
        Narr:	Taking it as deep down her throat as she can.
        Stacy:	Gglgl...
        Me: 	Aaah... Fuck...
        Narr:	Stacy sucks you off so well, you're peaking before you know it.
        Narr:	And, never having stopped touching herself, Stacy is too.
        Me: 	I'm gonna...
        Stacy:	*Muffled* Give... me--
        Narr:	Before Stacy can finish her muffled request, you orgasm...
        Narr:	...releasing a huge load of cum into her throat.
        Me: 	*Moan* Aaaah...
        Narr:	As she takes your load she gasps in orgasm.
        Stacy:	*Gasp* Mmmmf! Aah!
        Narr:	Her tongue falls out of her mouth, her body in pure ecstacy...
        Narr:	However, even in orgasm... 
        Narr:	...she makes sure to close her mouth, swallowing the rest of your load.
        Me: 	(Shit, that was intense...)
        Stacy:	Did you enjoy this, Dennis?
        Me: 	Yeah, I really did...
        Stacy:	Did I send sparks flying through you?
        Me: 	You could say that...
        Stacy:	Good... You filled me with the sparks of passion, too.
        Stacy:	I fear our time is up.
        Narr:	Stacy stands up and wipes cum of her face, allowing you to pull up your pants.
        Me: 	I think you're right...
        Me: 	I hope we get to do something like this again, though.
        Stacy:	Oh? You do?
        Stacy:	Then, we'll make sure to spice it up next time.
        Stacy:	You should go that way.
        Stacy:	It's the quickest path back to the house.
        Me: 	Thanks, Stacy.
        Me: 	How... do you know that?
        Stacy:	I've been exploring.
        Stacy:	*Giggle* Goodbye, my fiery prince.
        Me: 	See you later, hot stuff.
        Narr:	You both go your separate ways.
        Narr:	Stacy notices the look of conflict in your eyes.
        Stacy:	Oh...
        Stacy:	It saddens me...
        Me: 	Yeah, I really can't...
        Me: 	I'm sorry, Stacy.
        Stacy:	It's okay...
        Stacy:	There will be other moments for us to share.
        Me: 	(She really enjoys my company...)
        Me: 	(And, I'm starting to enjoy hers.)
        Narr:	Stacy leaves you, and heads back toward the girls' campground.
        Me: 	(I should probably head back to the house...)
Narr:	Standing outside the house, you stretch your legs.
Me: 	(Ah, it's been an eventful day...)
Me: 	(I should go inside.)
Me: 	(Hopefully Eve hasn't been wondering where I am...)
        Me: 	Through which door should I enter?
Narr:	You walk through the front door.
Narr:	At first, you notice no one...
Me: 	Nobody's home...
Narr:	Soon after, however, Eve appears...
Narr:	Confirming your worst fears.
Eve:	Dennis!
Eve:	Where the hell have you been?!
    Me: 	Oh, you know... I've been hanging around camp.
    Eve:	Have you, now?
    Eve:	Please, tell me more about your recreational activities.
    Me: 	Well, there's not all that much to tell...
    Me: 	I've been enjoying the summer sun, mostly.
        Eve:	Care to elaborate in more detail?
                Eve:	The camp IS quite beautiful... Where did you go?
                    Me: 	Well, first I went to the lake. Then to the girls' campground.
                        Eve:	What were you doing at the girls' campground?
                                Eve:	You didn't stop there for a bit?
                                    Me: 	I did. A patient stopped me, and we had a chat.
                                        Eve:	That's nice. Which patient did you talk with?
                                    Me: 	Not really. I only went there to go to the lake.
                                Eve:	You don't have to be so vague with me, Dennis.
                                    Me: 	My day wasn't all that eventful. What more can I say?
                    Me: 	I walked to the lake and sat there a bit, then to the gazebo.
                Eve:	Just walked around? Which area?
                    Me: 	Around. The lake, the campground, and ended in my room.
                    Me: 	I went to the lake, then sat under the gazebo's shade.
        Eve:	Okay...
        Eve:	(What is he trying to hide?)
        Eve:	Dennis...
        Me: 	Yeah?
        Eve:	Why aren't you being truthful with me?
        Me: 	(Shit!)
        Eve:	I really hope you're remaining professional with the patients.
        Me: 	Of course!
        Eve:	Well... If you say so.
        Eve:	(I'll have to keep my eye on him.)
        Narr:	Eve looks down at her phone and then speaks.
        Eve:	Oh. I think it's time we prepare things for the barbecue.
        Eve:	Follow me.
        Eve:	Ah, that makes sense.
        Me: 	Good... Because, usually people misunderstand me...
        Eve:	*Chuckle* Maybe you should learn to enunciate, then.
        Me: 	Ha-ha. You all treat me like some underdeveloped troglodyte...
        Eve:	Oh, come on... We just like to tease you...
        Me: 	And, why is that?
        Me: 	Easy punching bag?
        Eve:	Noooo. No. It's because you've always reacted...
        Eve:	*Chuckle* Even to the littlest things.
        Eve:	Even that first summer you were this way.
        Me: 	And you've all messed with me since.
        Eve:	Well, you know that's what we're here for.
        Narr:	Eve looks at her phone and then speaks.
        Eve:	Oh, would you look at that.
        Eve:	It's time we prepare things for the barbecue!
        Eve:	Please, follow me.
    Me: 	Well, you did tell Kiara, Emily and I to be nice to the patients.
    Me: 	So, I struck up a conversation with Naomi.
    Eve:	I didn't mean you should become besties with them...
    Me: 	I'm not. But, I did think I judged her too unfairly when she arrived...
    Me: 	So, I decided to get to know her better.
    Eve:	That is... good to hear.
    Eve:	(As long as you didn't mess around with her...)
    Eve:	I hope you kept the conversation within The Guidelines.
    Eve:	What exactly were you doing with Naomi?
        Eve:	What exactly were you doing with Naomi?
            Eve:	Well, that sounds fairly ordinary.
                Eve:	Well, that sounds fairly ordinary.
                    Me: 	It was. You think we'd mess around out in the open?
                    Eve:	*Chuckle* God, no. I think you'd have to be insane to do that.
                        Eve:	*Chuckle* God, no. I think you'd have to be insane to do that.
                            Eve:	Are you... trying to make me suspicious?
                                Eve:	Are you... trying to make me suspicious?
                                    Me: 	*Chuckle* No, I was just saying that some people enjoy the thrill.
                                    Me: 	*Chuckle* No, I was just pushing your buttons a little.
                    Me: 	It was. Just a nice chat, showing me that she's actually a kind girl.
            Eve:	May I ask about what?
                Eve:	May I ask about what?
                    Me: 	I just wanted to get a better picture as to who she is.
                    Eve:	For what reason, exactly?
                        Eve:	For what reason, exactly?
                            Me: 	I thought I was being too judgmental of her...
                            Me: 	I just wanted to get to know her better, jeez...
                    Me: 	Questions about her life and hobbies. Typical stuff.
                    Eve:	And, why do you want to get to know her better?
                        Eve:	And, why do you want to get to know her better?
                            Me: 	I mean, isn't it good to get to know the patients?
                            Me: 	Like I said... I felt I was being too judgmental of her.
        Narr:	A look of nervousness and slight panic cross Eve's face.
        Eve:	Some people... enjoy that?
        Eve:	(He couldn't possibly...)
        Me: 	Yeah. Some people like to get real kinky.
        Eve:	That is true...
        Eve:	I have treated my fair share of nymphomaniacs and chronic voyeurs.
        Me: 	(Eve is acting strangely...)
        Narr:	Eve nervously looks down at her phone, before turning to you.
        Eve:	Well, it looks like it's nearly time to prep the stuff for the barbecue.
        Eve:	Please, Dennis. Follow me.
        Eve:	Ah, that all makes sense.
        Me: 	Good... Because, usually people misunderstand me...
        Eve:	*Chuckle* Maybe you should learn to speak more clearly, then.
        Me: 	Ha-ha. You all treat me like some troglodyte...
        Eve:	Oh, come on... We just like to tease you...
        Me: 	And, why is that?
        Me: 	Easy punching bag?
        Eve:	Noooo. Of course not.
        Eve:	It's because you always react so much...
        Eve:	*Chuckle* Even to the littlest things.
        Eve:	You've been like that since the first summer.
        Me: 	And you've always messed with me.
        Eve:	Well, you know that's what we're here for.
        Narr:	Eve looks down at her phone and then speaks.
        Eve:	Oh, would you look at that.
        Eve:	It's time we prepare things for the barbecue!
        Eve:	Come on, follow me.
        Eve:	Is that so...
        Eve:	(I don't buy it...)
        Me: 	Yeah, that's all it was. A simple conversation.
        Eve:	If you say so...
        Eve:	But, to me...
        Eve:	It sounds like you're not telling me everything.
        Me: 	(Shit!)
        Eve:	I really hope you're not messing around behind my back.
        Me: 	Of course not!
        Eve:	Well, okay then.
        Eve:	(I'll have to keep my eye on him...)
        Narr:	Eve looks down at her phone and then speaks.
        Eve:	Oh
        Eve:	It looks like it's time we prepare things for the barbecue.
        Eve:	Follow me.
Narr:	You walk through the back door.
Narr:	At first, you don't notice anyone in the house...
Narr:	However, as you look toward the couch, you notice Kiara relaxing there.
Me: 	(She can't go anywhere this time...)
Me: 	(Time to get that confession.)
Me: 	Hey Kiara, what's up?
Kiara:	*Gasp* Hey, Dennis.
Kiara:	You startled me.
Me: 	Sorry, I didn't mean to sneak up on you like that.
Narr:	You walk over to the couch, sitting down next to Kiara.
Me: 	How's it going, Kiara?
Kiara:	Good, good...
Kiara:	Just relaxing before we have to prep the barbecue stuff.
Me: 	Sounds nice.
Me: 	Mind if I join you?
Kiara:	No, of course I don't mind, Dennis.
Me: 	Great...
Me: 	Hey, Kiara...
Kiara:	Yes... Dennis?
Me: 	Can I ask you something?
Kiara:	Sure... Dennis. What did you want to ask?
    Kiara:	Sure... Dennis. What did you want to ask?
        Me: 	I want to talk about what I found in your room...
        Kiara:	I already told you, someone planted that stuff in my room!
            Kiara:	I already told you, someone planted that stuff in my room!
                Me: 	I originally believed you... but, it doesn't make sense.
                Kiara:	Why would I mislead you?
                    Kiara:	Why would I mislead you?
                Me: 	I know that's not true, Kiara. Why did you do it?
        Me: 	I want to talk about the night I woke up in the forest...
        Kiara:	I already told you, I'm not involved!
            Kiara:	I already told you, I'm not involved!
                Me: 	Look, Kiara... I'm not angry at you... I just need answers.
                Me: 	Things don't just magically appear, Kiara. You know that.
                Kiara:	Dennis... Someone is trying to frame me!
                    Kiara:	Dennis... Someone is trying to frame me!
                        Me: 	I just... You really thought you needed to tie me up?
                        Kiara:	I just... I thought you forgot.
                            Kiara:	I just... I thought you forgot.
                                Me: 	Kiara, I would never forget about that moment...
                                Me: 	Of course not. But, tying me up wasn't right, Kiara!
                        Me: 	Kiara... I just want to know why you'd go that far.
    Narr:	Kiara goes quiet, before tearing up.
    Kiara:	I'm... so, so sorry, Dennis.
    Kiara:	I don't know what came over me...
    Me: 	It's okay, Kiara.
    Kiara:	No, it's not! I shouldn't have done that...
    Kiara:	You must have been terrified...
    Kiara:	...waking up like that.
    Me: 	I was pretty disoriented...
    Me: 	And was scared at first.
    Kiara:	*Sob*
    Me: 	But, it's okay...
    Me: 	I... actually enjoyed the surprise.
    Narr:	Kiara stops crying, a look of hopefulness appears in her eyes.
    Kiara:	Really? You didn't feel violated?
    Me: 	Of course not. Especially now that I know it was you.
    Me: 	I'm just really happy to know, once and for all, who did this.
    Me: 	And, to know I was in especially good hands...
    Kiara:	*Sniff* Thank you, Dennis.
    Narr:	Kiara wipes the remaining tears off her cheeks...
    Narr:	...and you embrace her for a hug.
    Me: 	Let's just be more honest with each other, from now on.
    Me: 	So I don't end up tied to a tree, again.
    Kiara:	I promise I will.
    Narr:	You spend a few more moments chatting about what Kiara's been doing...
    Narr:	...before someone enters the room from the front door.
    Narr:	Kiara goes quiet, before releasing a deep sigh.
    Kiara:	*Sigh*
    Kiara:	I have to be honest with you...
    Me: 	(Finally!)
    Kiara:	I may have... been involved.
    Me: 	Involved... more directly?
    Kiara:	Oh, fine...
    Kiara:	I feel awful...
    Kiara:	It was me.
    Me: 	How could you? I was terrified...
    Kiara:	I know, I'm a terrible person.
    Me: 	...at first.
    Kiara:	Huh?
    Me: 	Look... You should have just been honest all along.
    Me: 	We should have just talked about it.
    Me: 	So I wouldn't end up tied to a tree.
    Kiara:	My bad...
    Kiara:	I just thought you'd react negatively...
    Me: 	You shouldn't have assumed...
    Kiara:	You're right, I shouldn't have.
    Kiara:	Again... I'm so sorry, Dennis.
    Me: 	It's okay...
    Me: 	I have to admit, though. I kinda liked the surprise...
    Kiara:	Oh?
    Me: 	Let's just not do that again.
    Me: 	(At least, not like that.)
    Kiara:	I promise I won't.
    Narr:	You spend a few more moments chatting about what Kiara's been doing...
    Narr:	...before someone enters the room from the front door.
Eve:	Hey guys.
Eve:	Enjoying your break?
Me: 	Yeah, I think we are.
Kiara:	I'd say so, too.
Eve:	That's great to hear.
Eve:	Sorry to break it to you though...
Me: 	Time for work?
Eve:	*Chuckle* Are you psychic?
Me: 	*Chuckle* No. I just know your catchphrases.
Eve:	I need your help in the kitchen, Dennis.
Eve:	Kiara, meet us there in 5 minutes, please.
Eve:	Come on.
Eve:	Follow me, Dennis.
Narr:	Arriving in the kitchen, Eve begins informing you what needs preparing.
Eve:	Until Kiara arrives, I want you to take the meat out of the fridge.
Eve:	Put it on the table, on trays, please.
Me: 	Sure thing.
Narr:	You go to the cabinet and pull out two metal trays.
Narr:	Then, you go to the fridge and take out the packed meat.
Me: 	Should I take the meat out of the packaging?
Eve:	It's not going to take itself out, is it? *Chuckles*
Me: 	Maybe if I ask it nicely...
Narr:	You take the meat out of its packaging and place it on the tray.
Narr:	Soon, Kiara arrives in the kitchen.
Kiara:	Hey guys.
Eve:	Perfect timing, Kiara.
Eve:	Dennis just prepared the meat.
Eve:	Let's take this out to the barbecue spot.
Eve:	Dennis, grab the bag of charcoal and the grill utensils.
Me: 	Sure thing.
Narr:	You, Kiara and Eve arrive at the barbecue spot, near the gazebo.
Narr:	Kiara and Eve place the trays down on the gazebo's table.
Eve:	Have you ever worked a grill before, Dennis?
Eve:	I was thinking you could be our chef today.
Eve:	If you want, of course.
Me: 	Sure, I'd love to!
Narr:	You place the charcoal beside the grill, and the utensils on the side.
Eve:	I'll go get the girls. Be right back!
Narr:	As the sun begins to set, you start up the barbecue.
Me: 	Ah, I love the smell of hot coals.
Me: 	These babies are really going!
Narr:	You begin seasoning the meat, and throwing them on the grill.
Narr:	The sound of the meat sizzling above the hot coals is music to your ears.
Eve:	Mmmm... That smells delicious.
Narr:	Surprised, you look in the direction Eve's voice was coming from.
Narr:	You notice Eve, followed by the girls.
Me: 	Hey, everyone.
Stacy:	Hi, Dennis.
Stacy:	Oh, a fire was started without me?
Eve:	Stacy, you know you shouldn't be handling fires here...
Stacy:	Such a shame...
Belle:	Hey, handsome.
Narr:	The girls get comfortable while the meats cook to perfection.
Narr:	Soon, everyone is having a nice time enjoying each others' company.
Narr:	Not long after, the food is ready.
Me: 	Food's done!
Me: 	I'll just put the cooked BBQ on the trays.
Me: 	You can all grab plates, and help yourselves.
Narr:	[m!tc] proudly presents the trays of BBQ, and places them on the table.
Me: 	Enjoy!
Narr:	Allowing the girls to serve themselves first, you wait patiently.
Eve:	Very mature, Dennis.
Eve:	I was worried you'd rush to grab some food the moment the dinner bell rang.
Me: 	I was raised right, I guess.
Eve:	It seems you were.
Narr:	Once you see the girls have taken their food, you take yours, too.
Me: 	Mmm. This turned out pretty good.
Belle:	Yeah, this BBQ is delish!
Violet:	This is amazing, Dennis!
Narr:	You all happily continue eating, and chatting.
Narr:	Everyone is having a good time.
Narr:	However, everyone being so preoccupied by each others' company...
Narr:	...gives Belle the perfect opportunity to sneak away.
Narr:	She makes it to the main path, and begins walking toward the house.
Belle:	(Just like last time...)
Belle:	(If someone catches me I'll just say I needed to go to the bathroom.)
Narr:	Belle enters the house stealthily, and closes the front door behind her.
Belle:	(I'm in.)
Belle:	(The target is upstairs.)
Narr:	Belle steps softly up the stairs.
    Narr:	Soon, she's on the second story landing, eyeing the doors.
    Narr:	Belle tries each door, getting more excited after each attempt.
    Belle:	Not that one.
    Belle:	Not this one.
    Belle:	Oh?
    Narr:	Belle is happily surprised when the door to Eve's room opens.
    Belle:	(YES!)
    Belle:	(This is so exciting!)
    Narr:	Carefully, Belle enters the bedroom.
    Belle:	(Hmm... This room looks pretty basic.)
    Belle:	(Must be Eve's room.)
    Narr:	Belle immediately begins rummaging around through the room carefully.
    Narr:	She first goes for the drawers of the nightstand.
    Belle:	(Hmm... Nothing here).
    Belle:	(Maybe the wardrobe?)
    Belle:	(I wonder what goodies are in here.)
    Belle:	(Eww, these clothes are so boring...)
    Belle:	(Just grays, black, dark blue...)
    Belle:	(Ooh, a nice red dress. Yawn.)
    Narr:	Nearly giving up, Belle decides to look in a drawer inside the wardrobe.
    Belle:	(Probably going to be something bori--)
    Narr:	Belle is once again giddy because of what she finds.
    Belle:	*Quiet gasp*
    Belle:	(Wooow! Eve's got some sexy lingerie!)
    Belle:	(That's what I'm talking about!)
    Belle:	(If she has stuff like this...)
    Belle:	(...what other goodies does she have?)
    Belle:	(If I were Eve, where would I hide my favorite toys?)
    Belle:	(Oh! I got it!)
    Narr:	Belle quickly goes over to the bed.
    Narr:	She gets on her knees, puts her arm under the bed...
    Narr:	...and feels a box.
    Belle:	(This is it!)
    Narr:	Belle slides the box out from under the bed...
    Narr:	She opens it, revealing its contents.
    Belle:	(I knew it! Eve has a kinky side!)
    Belle:	(I'm sure she won't mind if I borrow this...)
    Narr:	Having found the holy grail, Belle closes the box and leaves the room.
    Belle:	(Hmm... I can't just bring this back with me...)
    Narr:	Belle goes downstairs quickly and quietly.
    Narr:	Soon, she's out the door on the front porch.
    Belle:	(Maybe I can hide it in one of these bushes...)
    Belle:	(It'll have to do.)
    Narr:	Soon, she's on the second story landing, eyeing your bedroom door.
    Belle:	(Oooh! I'm so excited!)
    Belle:	(Time for round two!)
    Narr:	Belle excitedly opens your door, ready for another round of looting.
    Belle:	(I wonder what I'll find this time?)
    Narr:	Now inside your room, Belle immediately gets to work.
    Belle:	(Nothing here...)
    Belle:	(Nothing over here...)
    Narr:	However, as Belle begins looting through your desk drawers...
    Belle:	(Hmm...)
    Belle:	(Oh, what's--)
    Narr:	Belle pulls something square out of the drawer.
    Belle:	(OH MY GOD!)
    Belle:	(XL CONDOMS?!)
    Belle:	(Heh, who does he think he is?)
    Belle:	*Chuckle* (Ricardo?)
    Narr:	Belle pockets her prize gleefully.
    Narr:	She gives the room a final, quick, scan...
    Narr:	...before leaving your room with her newfound treasure.
    Belle:	(The girls are gonna go wild when I show them this.)
    Narr:	Belle goes downstairs quickly and quietly.
    Narr:	Soon, she's out the door on the front porch.
    Belle:	(I need to get back to the barbecue quickly...)
    Belle:	(...before people start missing me.)
Narr:	Back at the barbecue, the sun has mostly set.
Narr:	The barbecue is wrapping up, just as Belle arrives back at the gazebo.
Me: 	Oh, hey, Belle. Where did you go?
Me: 	(Why does my gut tell me you went snooping around again?)
Belle:	I had to use the ladies' room.
Me: 	Suuuure.
Belle:	What, you want pics to prove it?
Me: 	What?!
Belle:	Jooooking.
Me: 	Good... good.
Belle:	Did you actually believe me?
Me: 	Psht. No way. I was just messing with you.
Belle:	(Sure, suuuure. I totally believe you, Dennis.)
Eve:	I think we'll wrap things up for tonight.
Eve:	Ladies, you can spend the time before bed however you'd like.
Eve:	I'd suggest a nighttime walk.
Eve:	Or, you can stargaze by the lake.
Eve:	There is a lot of beauty beneath the stars at this camp.
Eve:	You just need to search for it, sometimes.
Eve:	Have a good evening, ladies.
Narr:	Hearing the good news, the girls happily head back to their campground.
Eve:	Dennis, I need you to help with clean-up.
Me: 	Sure. What do you need me to do?
Eve:	Grab the tray and utensils we brought out earlier.
Eve:	Kiara will take the trash, and Emily will take the bag of charcoal.
Eve:	I'll deal with the barbecue and meet you back at the house.
Eve:	See you soon.
Narr:	You grab the things Eve asked you to bring back to the house.
Me: 	See ya.
Narr:	Back in the kitchen, you spot some free space on the counter.
Me: 	(I'll just put these down here...)
Narr:	You drop the platter on the counter.
Narr:	Emily, right behind you, places the bag of charcoal down.
Narr:	Kiara comes into the kitchen soon after.
Kiara:	Why did I get stuck with trash duty?
Kiara:	Those huge metal trash containers out on the road reek.
Kiara:	And, they're so far away from the house...
Emily:	We're lucky they are!
Me: 	Yeah, they'd make this place smell like a dump, otherwise.
Kiara:	Yeah, you're right. Better that they're all the way out there.
Emily:	You put the trays--
Me: 	Over on the counter.
Emily:	Oh, they look filthy.
Me: 	Yeah...
Me: 	I really hope I don't have to do the dishes right now.
Me: 	It's too late at night for that.
Narr:	As if answering your prayers, Eve arrives in the kitchen.
Eve:	Don't worry about the dishes.
Eve:	We'll do them tomorrow morning.
Me: 	(There is justice in the world!)
Eve:	I'm going to bed, it's been a long day.
Eve:	You guys can hang out on the couch and watch some TV if you want.
Eve:	Just make sure not to stay up too late.
Eve:	Good night.
Narr:	Eve leaves the kitchen, heading upstairs to go to bed.
Narr:	You and the girls go to the living room, in a beeline to the couch.
Narr:	Emily is the fastest, vaulting over the back of the couch to save time.
Emily:	Yes! Got the best spot!
Narr:	Kiara, seeing Emily take the best spot, runs to take the second-best spot.
Kiara:	Sorry, Dennis!
Narr:	You're the last to get to the couch, but you don't mind the spot.
Me: 	It's fine. I don't mind this spot.
Me: 	So, what do you guys wanna watch?
Emily:	Here, pass me the remote.
Narr:	You pass Emily the remote, and she happily takes it off your hands.
Narr:	She immediately starts flipping through the channels.
Emily:	Meh.
Emily:	Nope.
Emily:	Oh? Nah.
Emily:	Sure.
Narr:	She stops on a channel playing a movie.
Narr:	You all watch from an arbitrary point in the story.
Kiara:	Oh, I think I've seen this one before.
Me: 	I don't think I have.
Kiara:	You're not really missing out. It isn't that good. 
Narr:	The three of you continue watching the movie.
Narr:	Around two hours later, the movie is finally over.
Kiara:	See? Not that good.
Me: 	Yeah, it was pretty boring.
Emily:	So boring it made me sleepy.
Emily:	I'm gonna head off to bed.
Kiara:	Wait up, I will too.
Me: 	Oh? You're both that tired.
Kiara:	It's been a long day.
Kiara:	You're not sleepy?
Me: 	Not really. I think I'll watch TV a bit longer.
Kiara:	Okay. Good night, Dennis.
Kiara:	Night-night, Dennis.
Me: 	Night, guys.
Me: 	Sleep well.
Narr:	You hear the girls' bedroom doors close, and pick up the remote.
Narr:	Flipping through the channels, you become frustrated by the late-night programming.
Me: 	(What did I expect?)
Me: 	(There wasn't anything good on earlier.)
Me: 	(There's nothing good on now.)
Me: 	(There's never anything good on.)
Me: 	(Either I'm looking through rose-tinted glasses...)
Me: 	(...or, TV used to be better.)
Me: 	(I'd say the latter.)
Narr:	Realizing that nothing good is on, you turn the TV off.
Me: 	(Eve's earlier suggestion to go on a nighttime walk sounds nice right now.)
Me: 	(Why not? Maybe I'll see something cool.)
Narr:	You get up from your spot on the couch, eager to go on your walk.
Narr:	Quickly, you're out the front door.
Me: 	(Ahhh. There's nothing quite like that fresh nighttime air.)
Narr:	Taking a deep breath, you begin slowly walking down the path.
Me: 	(Nice night.)
Narr:	As you continue down the path you hear some talking off in the distance.
Me: 	(Oh, I guess the girls are still awake.)
Me: 	(Might as well say hello.)
Narr:	You enjoy your walk as you head over to the edge of the lake.
Narr:	As you get closer, you notice them all sitting on the dock.
Me: 	Good evening, ladies.
Naomi:	Hey, Dennis.
Violet:	Hey!
Stacy:	Hello, Dennis.
Belle:	You just couldn't resist, huh?
Me: 	I wasn't tired, so I went for a walk.
Me: 	I heard you guys talking in the distance and decided to say hello.
Stacy:	Wise choice.
Me: 	What have you guys been up to?
Violet:	Not much. I took a short walk and came back here.
Stacy:	I attempted to start a fire with a stick and rock I found...
Stacy:	...to no success.
Belle:	She tried for a good 30 minutes, too.
Belle:	It was pretty funny to watch.
Stacy:	I was close, okay?
Belle:	Suuure.
Naomi:	Mostly we've just been hanging out here.
Me: 	That's nice. The temperature is perfect.
Naomi:	It actually is.
Violet:	The stars are so beautiful out here.
Violet:	Without all the light pollution from civilization.
Me: 	Hey, you make that sound like we're in the middle of nowhere.
Violet:	*Chuckle* Well, aren't we?
Me: 	Heh, you're right. We actually are.
Belle:	Hey, everyone!
Belle:	Wanna see something cool?
Me: 	What, did you go snooping around the house again?
Belle:	Hey! Spoiler!
    Narr:	Belle smiles at the group with a mischievous grin.
    Belle:	Don't go anywhere, I'll be right back!
    Belle:	Thanks for being patient, everyone.
    Belle:	I assure you it was worth the wait.
    Naomi:	Oh, it better be.
    Naomi:	You've already set my expectations so high.
    Me: 	(Last time she had the key...)
    Me: 	(What could it--)
    Me: 	(OH SHIT!)
    Narr:	You realize what it is Belle's talking about.
    Narr:	A moment later, your worst fears are confirmed when she pulls out the box.
    Belle:	I found this box of goodies.
    Violet:	Oooh, what's in the box?
    Me: 	That could be someone's private property, Belle...
    Me: 	(Don't open it. Please don't open it.)
    Belle:	And?
    Me: 	I think you should just put it back where you found it...
    Belle:	Of course you do, buzzkill.
    Belle:	(You're acting super sus, Dennis...)
    Narr:	As the girls' curiosity piques, Belle dramatically opens the box...
    Narr:	Revealing its lewd contents to everyone.
    Naomi:	Oh my god...
    Naomi:	You didn't.
    Me: 	(Fuck, I knew it.)
    Belle:	Girls, take a good look at Dr. Eve's little helpers.
    Violet:	Belle, where did you find these?
    Me: 	Exactly what I was going to ask!
    Belle:	Hidden under Dr. Eve's bed.
    Belle:	Boomer move from Dr. Eve.
    Belle:	I mean, who still hides their sex toys under the bed in a shoebox?
    Me: 	Belle, you can't just--
    Naomi:	Sssh. Dennis, this is between us ladies.
    Belle:	Dennis, she'll never know they were gone.
    Me: 	Ugggh! Fine!
    Me: 	I don't want anything to do with this, anyway.
    Belle:	You suuuure?
    Belle:	Imagining Dr. Eve using these on herself doesn't turn you on?
    Me: 	What the hell!? 
    Me: 	Of course not, Belle!
    Naomi:	We're not all pervs like you, Belle.
    Belle:	Hey! I'm not into that... but, some people out there are.
    Me: 	I hope you're not insinuating that someone is me...
    Belle:	No, of cooooourse not, Dennis.
    Belle:	Anyway...
    Belle:	...I'm more curious about something else.
    Me: 	Like... what?
    Belle:	Liiiiiike, figuring out which one is Eve's favorite.
    Narr:	Belle begins rummaging through the box.
    Narr:	Being as slow as possible, in choosing a toy...
    Narr:	...just to make you more uncomfortable.
    Belle:	I wonder which one...
    Narr:	Naomi, realizing Belle's strategy for making you uncomfortable, joins her.
    Naomi:	Hmm... Knowing Eve, it's probably the anal beads.
    Naomi:	Since she's so anal about everything, it just makes sense.
    Violet:	*Chuckle* Naomi! That's not nice, she's just professional.
    Naomi:	What's the difference?
    Belle:	Ooooh, maybe it's this big boy.
    Belle:	I wonder what her face looks like when she takes this as deep as it can go?
    Me: 	*Grumble* (I gotta stop reacting, and she'll stop messing with me...)
    Me: 	(Easier said than done.)
    Belle:	Hmm... Maybe this one?
    Narr:	Belle takes out the glass toy and begins eyeing it playfully.
    Belle:	Glass, huh?
    Belle:	Glass does provide the best view.
    Narr:	Staying mentally strong, you repress the images Belle is trying to conjure in your mind.
    Narr:	However, Belle eventually wears you down with her persistence.
    Belle:	What do you think, Dennis?
    Belle:	Wouldn't the glass toy be the best for seeing all of Eve's beautiful pussy?
    Belle:	*Giggles* Even the inside.
    Me: 	*Gulp* No comment. This is too fuckin' weird...
    Violet:	Belle, ease off Dennis a bit.
    Naomi:	Why should she do that?
    Stacy:	Because Dennis does not look pleased...
    Stacy:	...and he might leave.
    Me: 	Exactly! I can walk away whenever I like...
    Belle:	Awww... Come on, Dennis.
    Belle:	You don't need to do that...
    Belle:	I didn't mean anything by it.
    Me: 	Yeah, I know.
    Me: 	You just like how I look when I'm uncomfortable.
    Me: 	Most of you here have told me that at least once, by now.
    Naomi:	*Giggle* Well, maybe it's because the faces you make when you're uncomfortable...
    Naomi:	...are super cute.
    Me: 	Look, I just wanted to relax...
    Me: 	This is not relaxing.
    Belle:	Alright, alright... I'll put them away.
    Narr:	Belle puts the toys she had out back in the box, and closes the lid.
    Belle:	Relaxed now?
    Me: 	I'm a little better, now.
    Belle:	*Chuckle* What, the box itself causes you pain?
    Me: 	No, I'm fine.
    Me: 	(I'd love to chuck the contents of the box into the lake, right now.)
    Me: 	(But that's a worse idea than stealing it in the first place...)
    Me: 	(What the hell was Belle thinking?!)
    Me: 	(This could get everyone in trouble...)
    Me: 	(I'll have to convince Belle to put it back, soon.)
    Violet:	It really is nice out here.
    Stacy:	Yes, it's a beautiful night.
    Narr:	Belle smiles at the group with a mischievous grin.
    Belle:	Everyone, close your eyes.
    Belle:	Jussst a second.
    Belle:	I assure you it'll be worth the wait.
    Naomi:	Oh, it better be.
    Naomi:	You've already set my expectations so high.
    Me: 	(Last time she had my underwear...)
    Me: 	(I wonder what she stole from my room this time.)
    Belle:	Okay. Open your eyes!
    Narr:	As you and the girls open your eyes, Belle bursts out laughing.
    Belle:	Waahahah! A giant condom!
    Belle:	For a monster dong!
    Violet:	*Chuckle* You're crazy, Belle!
    Stacy:	Indeed you are, Belle.
    Me: 	Belle! Where did you get that?!
    Belle:	I got it from your room. Where else?
    Belle:	But, really? I'm sure you're big, Dennis, but not magnum big...
    Me: 	Hey!
    Naomi:	Sssh. Dennis, this is between us ladies.
    Me: 	Psht. Fine!
    Me: 	Like I care you stole that, anyway...
    Belle:	Sure you don't.
    Narr:	Belle holds the condom packaging in front of her face with both hands.
    Narr:	The girls watch on, as Belle rips the package open...
    Narr:	Pulling out the rolled-up magnum condom.
    Me: 	Oh come on, I was going to use that...
    Naomi:	Were you, now?
    Belle:	I thought you weren't allowed to do those kinds of things with us, Dennis.
    Me: 	I didn't mean at Red Falls!
    Belle:	Aww, now I'm disappointed.
    Belle:	I would have liked to see you wearing this...
    Belle:	*Whisper* ...but without it will be fine, too.
    Belle:	Whatever. Since you're not going to use it, we will!
    Narr:	Belle unrolls the condom.
    Narr:	She begins shaking the long, dangly condom in front of her face.
    Belle:	*Giggle* Aww, it's so floppy.
    Narr:	Next, she stretches it between her hands.
    Belle:	Boinga-boinga-boing. It's so stretchy!
    Narr:	However, Naomi could never expect what Belle would do next.
    Belle:	Hey, Naomi!
    Narr:	Naomi turns to Belle, and is greeted by the loose condom slapping her cheek.
    Violet:	*Gasp* Ahahaha!
    Stacy:	Belle, how unexpected!
    Me: 	(I'm sure Naomi is gonna kill her, now.)
    Naomi:	WHAT THE HELL?!
    Naomi:	What's wrong with you, slut!?
    Belle:	Why are you angry, Naomi?
    Belle:	I thought you like stuff like this.
    Narr:	Naomi jumps toward Belle, but is luckily caught by Violet.
    Violet:	Naomi, calm down. It was just a stupid joke.
    Naomi:	Let go of me! I'll kill her!
    Me: 	Come on, girls, calm down.
    Me: 	Let's just forget about the rubber and have a good night.
    Violet:	Yeah, let's all just chill.
    Naomi:	That's easy for you to say, fatty.
    Violet:	Ahahah, good one. Naomi, you just gotta learn to live a little. 
    Me: 	(Why is Violet acting so relaxed?)
    Me: 	(She's usually pretty shy.)
Narr:	The girls, now over their giddiness, calm down and watch the stars.
Narr:	You sit there with the girls, watching silently.
Narr:	You all take in the night's aura of serenity.
Narr:	For a moment everyone forgets their troubles, living only in that moment.
Narr:	You and the girls pass the time counting shooting stars.
Stacy:	Ooh, another fire-tailed star!
Violet:	I think that's the fifth shooting star I've seen in the past half hour.
Me: 	It's truly magical out here, huh?
Stacy:	Mystical...
Narr:	More time passes until Naomi speaks up to announce her departure.
Naomi:	It's been nice, but I'm heading off to bed.
Me: 	Oh, you're tired?
Naomi:	Yeah, I am. Remember that yard work I did earlier?
Me: 	How could I forget?
Me: 	(I did half of it.)
Naomi:	Yeah, well, I'm exhausted.
Stacy:	I, too, hear the Sandman calling to me.
Me: 	Ah, well. It was a pleasure, ladies.
Naomi:	Good night everyone.
Stacy:	Night girls. Night Dennis.
Me: 	See you two tomorrow. Good night.
Narr:	After looking at the stars a moment longer, Violet stands up.
Violet:	Hey guys, I think I'm going to take a walk before sleep.
Violet:	It's so nice out, tonight.
Violet:	And, I still have too much pent-up energy I want to release.
Me: 	That's a good idea. I'm sure you'll have a nice time.
Me: 	Just watch out for Hector.
Belle:	*Giggle* I'm sure she could take him.
Violet:	Heh. I probably could.
Me: 	*Chuckle* I could imagine you taking him down.
Violet:	Well, anyway...
Violet:	I think I'm going to take that walk now.
Violet:	I might go to that campfire spot we were at the first night, then back.
Me: 	(Why is she being so detailed?)
Me: 	(Was that a subtle invitation?)
Belle:	Sounds great. Don't have too much fun out there...
Belle:	...without me.
Violet:	*Chuckle* Okay, Belle, I won't.
Violet:	I'll make sure to have a miserable time.
Violet:	Night, Dennis.
Me: 	Good night, Violet.
Belle:	See ya in the morning, V!
Narr:	Violet leaves the dock.
Narr:	But, as she gets a little farther away... 
Narr:	...Violet looks back toward you one last time.
Me: 	(What was that look? It looked like she was telling me something...)
Me: 	(It seemed like she was making sure I understood the first invite.)
Belle:	So...
Belle:	Looks like we're the only ones left.
Belle:	Which means I have you all to myself.
Me: 	And what ideas do you have in your head, now?
Me: 	(I think I know what to expect...)
Belle:	I thiiiink...
Belle:	We could go on a little walk, together.
Me: 	Oh? Just a walk?
Belle:	Who knows what exciting things might happen unexpectedly?
Belle:	I just know you'll have a good time with me.
Me: 	Oh, straight to the point?
Belle:	What? Nooo. I was just saying you love my company.
Me: 	Suuuure. I believe you.
Me: 	(Hmm...)
Me: 	(Should I go with Belle, or go find Violet?)
Me: 	(Both of them seemed eager to hang out with me more...)
    Me: 	(But, I could also stop by Stacy's cabin to say hello.)
    Me: 	(I'm sure it would make her happy.)
Me: 	(Heading to bed is always an option, as well.)
Belle:	Well? What are you waiting for?
    Belle:	Well? What are you waiting for?
        Me: 	Nothing. Let's go on that walk.
        Belle:	You made the right choice coming with me, Dennis...
        Belle:	You'll see.
        Belle:	Just follow me.
        Narr:	Belle leads you away from the dock, but follows the lake's shoreline.
        Me: 	Where are we going?
        Belle:	You really wanna know? But, that would kill the surprise...
        Me: 	Don't tell me, then.
        Belle:	Good choice.
        Narr:	You both continue walking along the lake's shore in near-silence.
        Narr:	Occasionally, you make a comment about the scenery.
        Me: 	It's so peaceful at this time of night.
        Me: 	I barely hear any crickets chirping anymore.
        Belle:	Sshh... Keep following me.
        Narr:	You and Belle continue walking along the lake's shore...
        Narr:	Until you realize that you've both come full-circle.
        Me: 	Wait... We're back at the dock.
        Belle:	*Giggle* Yep.
        Me: 	Is this another prank?
        Belle:	Not exactly...
                Narr:	Did Belle find Eve's toys box?
        Narr:	Suddenly, Belle pulls you by the arm toward the changing booth.
        Belle:	Over here...
        Narr:	Now inside the semi-enclosed changing booth...
        Narr:	Belle begins touching you all over your body.
        Me: 	Straight to it, huh?
        Belle:	Oh, I think you've made me wait long enough.
        Belle:	I know some of the other girls have already had their fun with you...
        Belle:	Now, it's finally my turn.
        Narr:	Belle takes your shirt off sensually, but quickly.
        Belle:	You wont need that...
        Me: 	(She's really eager, huh?)
        Belle:	...or these.
        Narr:	In an erotic frenzy, Belle pulls your pants down.
        Me: 	Woah! You almost tripped me!
        Belle:	Oops, sorry!
        Belle:	I think you're going to like this.
        Me: 	Am I?
        Belle:	I think you will.
        Me: 	I guess you'll have to try your best.
        Belle:	Will I?
        Belle:	(You're going to explode in 3 seconds.)
        Narr:	Belle, now ogling your mostly-nude body, begins playing with her breasts.
        Belle:	Aren't you going to help me?
        Narr:	Taking Belle's hint, you start taking off her clothes.
        Narr:	Starting with her top...
        Belle:	Ooh...
        Narr:	Followed by her skirt...
        Me: 	I don't think you need this, either.
        Belle:	Somebody's eager...
        Narr:	As her clothes fall to the ground, you can't help but look at her sexy body.
        Belle:	Couldn't help it?
        Belle:	Neither can I.
        Narr:	Belle touches your crotch, and begins rubbing your cock...
        Belle:	These are in the way.
        Narr:	Belle stops rubbing your now-throbbing cock, to pull down your underwear.
        Belle:	That's it... Let me see it.
        Narr:	Belle kneels down, her face right in front of your eager member.
        Belle:	You have a nice cock, Dennis.
        Belle:	It deserves an award...
        Narr:	Belle's tongue extends out of her mouth, and flicks your tip.
        Me: 	AAAhhh...
        Belle:	Feel gooood?
        Me: 	Yeah, a little too good.
        Belle:	Oh, just you wait...
        Narr:	Belle brings her mouth closer to your cock...
        Belle:	You're not ready for this.
        Narr:	Her tongue begins licking up and down your shaft.
        Me: 	Yeah... Mmm...
        Narr:	Hearing your pleasure, Belle licks more vigorously.
        Belle:	(You'll love what's coming.)
        Narr:	Suddenly, her mouth takes your entire tip in, and she begins sucking it.
        Belle:	MMmph. Ah!
        Narr:	Belle sucks and releases your tip repeatedly, in a popping motion.
        Belle:	Like this?
        Me: 	Fuck... Yeah...
        Belle:	How about this, then?
        Narr:	You're hit by a rush of pleasure as Belle takes your cock into her mouth.
        Me: 	Ooooh shiiit...
        Belle:	(I'll melt your fucking brain.)
        Belle:	(You'll crave me, Dennis...)
        Belle:	(Like they all do.)
        Narr:	Belle sucks your cock faster, and harder.
        Narr:	You feel her tongue wrap around your cock, as she slides you deeper.
        Belle:	*Gasp* You like this?
        Belle:	I do too...
        Narr:	Belle thrusts your cock deep into her throat...
        Narr:	And, as she does, you notice one of her hands is no longer touching you.
        Narr:	Her hand is rubbing her soaking-wet pussy.
        Me: 	(Damn, Belle is also really enjoying this...)
        Me: 	(She's soaking wet.)
        Narr:	You pull Belle's head off your shaft as a thought comes to mind.
        Me: 	How about we take this a little further?
        Belle:	Good idea.
        Belle:	Stick it in, Dennis.
        Me: 	You want it that badly?
        Belle:	YES! Fucking give it to me, already!
        Me: 	Well, if you insist...
        Belle:	Come ooooon, stop teasing me...
        Me: 	You don't think I'm being fair?
        Belle:	Huh? What the hell are you talking about?
        Me: 	Well, after all those times you teased me...
        Me: 	I'd say this is only fair.
        Belle:	*Groans* Fine...
        Me: 	Damn, Belle... You're even wetter than earlier.
        Belle:	I am...
            Belle:	How about...
            Belle:	...I use some of these?
            Me: 	Wait, wait, wait...
            Me: 	You really want to use those?
            Belle:	Did I stutter?
            Me: 	(I shouldn't let her use those...)
            Me: 	(But, I would love to see how deep inside she could take these.)
            Belle:	I'll clean them up before I return them...
            Belle:	Dennis, Eve will never find out. I promise.
                Belle:	Dennis, Eve will never find out. I promise.
                    Me: 	Fine.
                    Me: 	Since you want me to use these on you so badly...
                    Me: 	...I will.
                    Belle:	You made the right choice, Dennis.
                    Belle:	Take your pick...
                    Belle:	That tiny thing?
                    Belle:	Better than nothing, I guess...
                    Belle:	Shove it into my cute little pussy.
                    Belle:	Right there...
                    Me: 	Like this?
                    Belle:	Aww... Just the tip?
                    Belle:	I want more.
                    Belle:	OOOoohh... Yeah...
                    Me: 	Too much?
                    Belle:	No... no...
                    Belle:	That feels much nicer.
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Belle:	Good choice, Dennis...
                    Belle:	You know I like it big, huh?
                    Belle:	Shove that huge thing into my cute little pussy.
                    Belle:	Right there...
                    Me: 	Like this?
                    Belle:	OOOooh... Shiiit...
                    Belle:	It's bigger than I expected.
                    Belle:	But...
                    Belle:	I want more.
                    Belle:	OOOoohh... Fuuuck yeeeah...
                    Me: 	Too much?
                    Belle:	No... no...
                    Belle:	I've been craving this feeling since I got here.
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Belle:	Interesting choice, Dennis...
                    Me: 	Did I choose... well?
                    Belle:	We'll see...
                    Belle:	Depends how you use it.
                    Belle:	Right there...
                    Me: 	How about this?
                    Belle:	Mmmm... Yeah...
                    Belle:	I feel...
                    Belle:	So...
                    Belle:	...gooood.
                    Belle:	Give me more.
                    Belle:	OOOoohh... Fuuuck yeeeah...
                    Me: 	Too much?
                    Belle:	No... no...
                    Belle:	I feel fucking amazing...
                    Belle:	Mmm...
                    Belle:	Don't stop, Dennis...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Belle:	Very kinky, Dennis...
                    Belle:	I like where your head's at.
                    Me: 	You do?
                    Belle:	Yeah...
                    Belle:	But, I'd like it even more if you stuck that in my tight little ass.
                    Belle:	Right there...
                    Me: 	You like this?
                    Belle:	Mmmm... Oh, yeah...
                    Belle:	Give me more...
                    Belle:	OOOoohh... Fuuuck yeeeah...
                    Me: 	Too deep?
                    Belle:	No...
                    Belle:	It feels so fucking good...
                    Belle:	Mmm... Nngh..
                    Belle:	Don't stop, Dennis...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Belle:	Very naughty, Dennis...
                    Belle:	I'm also feeling naughty...
                    Me: 	So, you like my choice?
                    Belle:	Yeah.
                    Belle:	But...
                    Belle:	I'd like it even more if you stuck that long thing in my tight little ass.
                    Belle:	Right there...
                    Me: 	Like this?
                    Belle:	Mmmm... Oh, yeah...
                    Belle:	Give me more...
                    Belle:	OOOoohh... Fuuuck yeeeah...
                    Me: 	Too deep?
                    Belle:	No...
                    Me: 	Too long?
                    Belle:	No... It feels so fucking good...
                    Belle:	Mmm... Nngh..
                    Belle:	Don't stop, Dennis...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Belle:	Very kinky, Dennis...
                    Belle:	I like where your head's at.
                    Me: 	You do?
                    Belle:	Yeah...
                    Belle:	But, I'd like it even more if you stuck that in my tight little ass.
                    Belle:	Right there...
                    Me: 	You like this?
                    Belle:	Mmmm... Oh, yeah...
                    Belle:	Give me more...
                    Belle:	OOOoohh... Fuuuck yeeeah...
                    Me: 	Too deep?
                    Belle:	No...
                    Belle:	It feels so fucking good...
                    Belle:	Mmm... Nngh..
                    Belle:	Don't stop, Dennis...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Belle:	The buttplug?
                    Belle:	Good choice, Dennis...
                    Belle:	Shove it into my tight little ass.
                    Belle:	Right there...
                    Me: 	Like this?
                    Belle:	Mmm... Ooh...
                    Belle:	Keep pushing.
                    Belle:	OOOoohh... Shiiit.
                    Me: 	Too big?
                    Belle:	No... no...
                    Belle:	It feels so good.
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                    Me: 	How about we try a different toy?
                    Belle:	Sounds good to me...
                        Narr:	You pull the toy out of Belle.
                        Belle:	Oooh! Fuuuccck...
                        Me: 	You like this?
                        Belle:	Mhmmm...
                        Belle:	Ooohh... Yessss...
                        Me: 	You're really wet, Belle...
                        Belle:	I can't help it...
                        Belle:	This feels really fucking good...
                        Belle:	But, it would feel even better if you stuck it in already.
                        Belle:	Mmmff... Yeah...
                        Belle:	Your dick feels so good...
                        Belle:	Fuuuuckk yeeessss...
                        Belle:	This is even better...
                        Belle:	Mmmm... fuuu...
                        Belle:	AAH! Yes, yes!
                        Belle:	Fuuuck meee...
                        Belle:	It's so deeeep.
                        Belle:	Soooo... Mmmffm... hard...
                        Narr:	You pull the toy out of Belle.
                        Belle:	Oooh! Fuuuccck...
                        Me: 	You like this?
                        Belle:	Mhmmm...
                        Belle:	Ooohh... Yessss...
                        Me: 	You're really wet, Belle...
                        Belle:	I can't help it...
                        Belle:	This feels really fucking good...
                        Belle:	But, it would feel even better if you stuck it in already.
                        Belle:	Mmmff... Yeah...
                        Belle:	Your dick feels so good...
                        Belle:	Fuuuuckk yeeessss...
                        Belle:	This is even better...
                        Belle:	Mmmm... fuuu...
                        Belle:	AAH! Yes, yes!
                        Belle:	Fuuuck meee...
                        Belle:	It's so deeeep.
                        Belle:	Soooo... Mmmffm... hard...
                        Belle:	Oooh! Fuuuccck...
                        Me: 	You like this?
                        Belle:	Mhmmm...
                        Belle:	Ooohh... Yessss...
                        Me: 	You're really wet, Belle...
                        Belle:	I can't help it...
                        Belle:	This feels really fucking good...
                        Belle:	Mmmff... Yeah...
                        Belle:	Your dick feels so good...
                        Belle:	Fuuuuckk yeeessss...
                        Belle:	This is even better...
                        Belle:	Mmmm... fuuu...
                        Belle:	AAH! Yes, yes!
                        Belle:	Fuuuck meee...
                        Belle:	It's so deeeep.
                        Belle:	Soooo... Mmmffm... hard...
                        Belle:	Oooh! Yesss...
                        Me: 	You like this?
                        Belle:	I doooo...
                        Belle:	Mmm... Yes...
                        Me: 	You're so wet, Belle...
                        Belle:	I can't help it...
                        Belle:	This is really exciting.
                        Belle:	But, it would be even better if you stuck it in already.
                        Belle:	Mmmff... Yeah...
                        Belle:	Your dick feels so good...
                        Belle:	Fuuuuckk yeeessss...
                        Belle:	This is even better...
                        Belle:	Mmmm... fuuu...
                        Belle:	AAH! Yes, yes!
                        Belle:	Fuuuck meee...
                        Belle:	It's so deeeep.
                        Belle:	Soooo... Mmmffm... hard...
                        Belle:	Oooh! Yesss...
                        Me: 	You like this?
                        Belle:	I doooo...
                        Belle:	Mmm... Yes...
                        Me: 	You're so wet, Belle...
                        Belle:	I can't help it...
                        Belle:	This is really exciting.
                        Belle:	But, it would be even better if you stuck it in already.
                        Belle:	Mmmff... Yeah...
                        Belle:	Your dick feels so good...
                        Belle:	Fuuuuckk yeeessss...
                        Belle:	This is even better...
                        Belle:	Mmmm... fuuu...
                        Belle:	AAH! Yes, yes!
                        Belle:	Fuuuck meee...
                        Belle:	It's so deeeep.
                        Belle:	Soooo... Mmmffm... hard...
                        Belle:	Oooh! Yesss...
                        Me: 	You like this?
                        Belle:	I doooo...
                        Belle:	Mmm... Yes...
                        Me: 	You're so wet, Belle...
                        Belle:	I can't help it...
                        Belle:	This is really exciting.
                        Belle:	But, it would be even better if you stuck it in already.
                        Belle:	Mmmff... Yeah...
                        Belle:	Your dick feels so good...
                        Belle:	Fuuuuckk yeeessss...
                        Belle:	This is even better...
                        Belle:	Mmmm... fuuu...
                        Belle:	AAH! Yes, yes!
                        Belle:	Fuuuck meee...
                        Belle:	It's so deeeep.
                        Belle:	Soooo... Mmmffm... hard...
                        Belle:	Oooh! Yesss...
                        Me: 	You like this?
                        Belle:	I doooo...
                        Belle:	Mmm... Yes...
                        Me: 	You're so wet, Belle...
                        Belle:	I can't help it...
                        Belle:	This is really exciting.
                        Belle:	But, it would be even better if you stuck it in already.
                        Belle:	Mmmff... Yeah...
                        Belle:	Your dick feels so good...
                        Belle:	Fuuuuckk yeeessss...
                        Belle:	This is even better...
                        Belle:	Mmmm... fuuu...
                        Belle:	AAH! Yes, yes!
                        Belle:	Fuuuck meee...
                        Belle:	It's so deeeep.
                        Belle:	Soooo... Mmmffm... hard...
                    Belle:	*Moan* Fuuuuck, yeeeah...
                    Belle:	I'm gonna...
                    Belle:	Ahhh!
                    Belle:	I'm gonna cum...
                    Me: 	Me too.
                    Belle:	Do it...
                        Belle:	On my ass... Down my back...
                        Belle:	Shower me in your hot load, Dennis!
                        Me: 	If you say so.
                        Belle:	Mmmmfff... AAAH!
                        Me: 	*Moan* Oooh... Fuuuuck!
                        Belle:	Oh, yeah...
                        Belle:	You let out so much... hot jizz...
                        Me: 	Sorry.
                        Belle:	On my ass... Down my back...
                        Belle:	Shower me in your hot load, Dennis!
                        Me: 	If you say so.
                        Belle:	Mmmmfff... AAAH!
                        Me: 	*Moan* Oooh... Fuuuuck!
                        Belle:	Oh, yeah...
                        Belle:	You let out so much... hot jizz...
                        Me: 	Sorry.
                        Belle:	On my ass... Down my back...
                        Belle:	Shower me in your hot load, Dennis!
                        Me: 	If you say so.
                        Belle:	Mmmmfff... AAAH!
                        Me: 	*Moan* Oooh... Fuuuuck!
                        Belle:	Oh, yeah...
                        Belle:	You let out so much... hot jizz...
                        Me: 	Sorry.
                        Belle:	On my ass... Down my back...
                        Belle:	Shower me in your hot load, Dennis!
                        Me: 	If you say so.
                        Belle:	Mmmmfff... AAAH!
                        Me: 	*Moan* Oooh... Fuuuuck!
                        Belle:	Oh, yeah...
                        Belle:	You let out so much... hot jizz...
                        Me: 	Sorry.
                        Belle:	On my ass... Down my back...
                        Belle:	Shower me in your hot load, Dennis!
                        Me: 	If you say so.
                        Belle:	Mmmmfff... AAAH!
                        Me: 	*Moan* Oooh... Fuuuuck!
                        Belle:	Oh, yeah...
                        Belle:	You let out so much... hot jizz...
                        Me: 	Sorry.
                        Belle:	On my ass... Down my back...
                        Belle:	Shower me in your hot load, Dennis!
                        Me: 	If you say so.
                        Belle:	Mmmmfff... AAAH!
                        Me: 	*Moan* Oooh... Fuuuuck!
                        Belle:	Oh, yeah...
                        Belle:	You let out so much... hot jizz...
                        Me: 	Sorry.
                        Belle:	On my ass... Down my back...
                        Belle:	Shower me in your hot load, Dennis!
                        Me: 	If you say so.
                        Belle:	Mmmmfff... AAAH!
                        Me: 	*Moan* Oooh... Fuuuuck!
                        Belle:	Oh, yeah...
                        Belle:	You let out so much... hot jizz...
                        Me: 	Sorry.
                    Belle:	Don't be... It's nice.
                    Belle:	And, it's not like this is the first time someone unloaded on me.
                    Me: 	Pfft...
                    Belle:	Hey, now...
                    Belle:	I didn't say it wasn't the best.
                    Me: 	You really think this was the best?
                    Belle:	Well, maybe not the best... but, definitely one of the best.
                    Me: 	Heh. I'll take it.
                    Belle:	Good... You should be proud.
                    Belle:	You satisfied me.
                    Belle:	*Yawn* And, exhausted me.
                    Me: 	*Yawn* I wonder what time it is.
                    Belle:	It's late, for sure.
                    Belle:	I'd say it's time for bed.
                    Me: 	Yeah, we really got the blood pumping.
                    Belle:	*Giggle* I'm sure Violet would be happy we got our exercise for the day.
                    Me: 	*Chuckle* Yeah, right.
                    Belle:	Thanks for everything, Dennis.
                    Belle:	I'm gonna go get my beauty sleep, now.
                    Belle:	*Whisper* And, let this nice, natural, moisturizer soak into my skin.
                    Me: 	Okay...
                    Belle:	*Giggle* Just messing with you.
                    Belle:	Night, Dennis.
                    Me: 	Night, Belle.
                    Me: 	Sorry, Belle...
                    Me: 	But, I really don't want to use those on you.
                    Belle:	Well, that's pretty lame.
                    Me: 	It's just weird for me...
                    Me: 	...since they're Eve's.
                    Belle:	I guess I can understand that...
                    Belle:	But, you're going to have to make it up to me somehow.
                    Me: 	Oh, am I?
                    Belle:	Yeah, you are.
                    Belle:	Otherwise... you'll leave the girl of your dreams disappointed.
                    Me: 	Well, we can't have that, can we?
                    Belle:	Oooh! Yesss...
                    Me: 	You like this?
                    Belle:	I doooo...
                    Belle:	Mmm... Yes...
                    Me: 	You're so wet, Belle...
                    Belle:	I can't help it...
                    Belle:	This is really exciting.
                    Belle:	But, it would be even better if you stuck it in already.
                    Me: 	OOooh, fuck!
                    Belle:	Surprise ya?
                    Me: 	A little...
                    Belle:	*Giggle* I'm... gonna surprise you even more.
                    Me: 	Mmmff... Fuck, Belle...
                    Belle:	Is it good?
                    Me: 	It's... fucking amazing...
                    Belle:	Mmm...
                    Belle:	Oooohh...
                    Belle:	Agreed...
                    Me: 	Surprise!
                    Belle:	*Moan* Fuuuuck, yeeeah...
                    Belle:	I'm gonna...
                    Belle:	Ahhh...
                    Belle:	I'm gonna cum!
                    Me: 	Me too...
                    Belle:	Do it.
                    Belle:	On my ass, and down my back...
                    Belle:	Shower me in your hot load, Dennis!
                    Me: 	If you insist.
                    Belle:	Mmmmfff... AAAH!
                    Me: 	*Moan* Oooh... Fuuuuck!
                    Belle:	Oh, yeah...
                    Belle:	I'm covered in your hot jizz...
                    Me: 	Sorry.
                    Belle:	Don't be... It's nice.
                    Belle:	And, it's not like this is the first time someone unloaded on me.
                    Me: 	Pfft...
                    Belle:	Hey, now...
                    Belle:	I didn't say it wasn't the best.
                    Me: 	You really think this was the best?
                    Belle:	Well, maybe not the best... but, definitely one of the best.
                    Me: 	Heh. I'll take it.
                    Belle:	Good... You should be proud.
                    Belle:	You satisfied me.
                    Belle:	*Yawn* And, exhausted me.
                    Me: 	*Yawn* I wonder what time it is.
                    Belle:	It's late, for sure.
                    Belle:	I'd say it's time for bed.
                    Me: 	Yeah, we really got the blood pumping.
                    Belle:	*Giggle* I'm sure Violet would be happy we got our exercise for the day.
                    Me: 	*Chuckle* Yeah, right.
                    Belle:	Thanks for everything, Dennis.
                    Belle:	I'm gonna go get my beauty sleep, now.
                    Belle:	*Whisper* And, let this nice, natural, moisturizer soak into my skin.
                    Me: 	Okay...
                    Belle:	*Giggle* Just messing with you.
                    Belle:	Night, Dennis.
                    Me: 	Night, Belle.
            Belle:	How about...
            Belle:	...we use these?
            Narr:	Belle reaches down and pulls out her dildo, and a condom.
            Me: 	A condom for a dildo?
            Belle:	You think the condom is for the dildo?
            Belle:	You're such a dingus.
            Me: 	Oh, I get it...
            Belle:	Good. So... What are you waiting for?
                Me: 	Nothing. Give those to me.
                Belle:	Smart choice, Dennis...
                Belle:	This little guy is one of my favorite toys...
                Me: 	Is it?
                Belle:	Mhm... It reaches all the right places.
                Belle:	Stick it in my pussy, Dennis.
                Belle:	Right there...
                Me: 	Like this?
                Belle:	OOOooh... Shiiit...
                Belle:	It's bigger than I expected.
                Belle:	But...
                Belle:	I want more.
                Belle:	OOOoohh... Fuuuck yeeeah...
                Me: 	Too much?
                Belle:	No... no...
                Belle:	I've been craving this feeling since I got here.
                Belle:	But, it's not nearly enough...
                Belle:	Dennis, I want you to join in.
                Me: 	Oh, yeah?
                Belle:	Yeah. Stick your huge cock into my ass.
                Me: 	You like this?
                Belle:	I doooo...
                Belle:	Mmm... Yes...
                Me: 	You're so wet, Belle...
                Belle:	I can't help it...
                Belle:	This is really exciting.
                Belle:	But, it would be even better if you stuck it in already.
                Me: 	OOooh, fuck!
                Belle:	Surprise ya?
                Me: 	A little...
                Belle:	*Giggle* I'm... gonna surprise you even more.
                Me: 	Mmmff... Fuck, Belle...
                Belle:	Is it good?
                Me: 	It's... fucking amazing...
                Belle:	Mmm...
                Belle:	Oooohh...
                Belle:	Agreed...
                Me: 	Surprise!
                Belle:	*Moan* Fuuuuck, yeeeah...
                Belle:	I'm gonna...
                Belle:	Ahhh...
                Belle:	I'm gonna cum!
                Me: 	Me too...
                Belle:	Do it.
                Belle:	Cum inside me...
                Belle:	Fill me with your hot load, Dennis!
                Me: 	If you insist.
                    Me: 	If you insist.
                        Belle:	Mmmmfff... AAAH!
                        Me: 	*Moan* Oooh... Fuuuuck!
                        Belle:	Oh, yeah...
                        Belle:	I feel so warm inside...
                        Belle:	Mmm... It's nice.
                        Belle:	Aww... Leaving so soon?
                        Me: 	It can't last forever, Belle.
                        Belle:	Next time we should do this without that.
                        Me: 	Maybe... If we can find the time.
                        Me: 	So...
                        Me: 	How was it?
                        Belle:	It was pretty good.
                        Me: 	Pfft...
                        Belle:	Hey, now...
                        Belle:	I didn't say it wasn't the best.
                        Me: 	You really think this was the best?
                        Belle:	Well, maybe not the best... but, definitely one of the best.
                        Me: 	Heh. I'll take it.
                        Belle:	Good... You should be proud.
                        Belle:	You satisfied me.
                        Belle:	*Yawn* And, exhausted me.
                        Me: 	*Yawn* I wonder what time it is.
                        Belle:	It's late, for sure.
                        Belle:	I'd say it's time for bed.
                        Me: 	Yeah, we really got the blood pumping.
                        Belle:	*Giggle* I'm sure Violet would be happy we got our exercise for the day.
                        Me: 	*Chuckle* Yeah, right.
                        Belle:	Thanks for everything, Dennis.
                        Belle:	I'm gonna go get my beauty sleep, now.
                        Me: 	Okay...
                        Belle:	*Giggle* Just messing with you.
                        Belle:	Night, Dennis.
                        Me: 	Night, Belle.
                        Belle:	Mmmmfff... AAAH!
                        Me: 	*Moan* Oooh... Fuuuuck!
                        Belle:	Oh, yeah...
                        Belle:	That felt fucking amaaaazing...
                        Me: 	Then you're gonna love this.
                        Belle:	WHAT THE FUCK?!
                        Belle:	Naughty boy!
                        Belle:	Maybe next time we can do this somehow more interesting.
                        Me: 	Hmm... Maybe.
                        Me: 	So...
                        Me: 	How was it?
                        Belle:	It was pretty good.
                        Me: 	Pfft...
                        Belle:	Hey, now...
                        Belle:	I didn't say it wasn't the best.
                        Me: 	You really think this was the best?
                        Belle:	Well, maybe not the best... but, definitely one of the best.
                        Me: 	Heh. I'll take it.
                        Belle:	Good... You should be proud.
                        Belle:	You satisfied me.
                        Belle:	*Yawn* And, exhausted me.
                        Me: 	*Yawn* I wonder what time it is.
                        Belle:	It's late, for sure.
                        Belle:	I'd say it's time for bed.
                        Me: 	Yeah, we really got the blood pumping.
                        Belle:	*Giggle* I'm sure Violet would be happy we got our exercise for the day.
                        Me: 	*Chuckle* Yeah, right.
                        Belle:	Thanks for everything, Dennis.
                        Belle:	I'm gonna go get my beauty sleep, now.
                        Me: 	Okay...
                        Belle:	*Giggle* Just messing with you.
                        Belle:	Night, Dennis.
                        Me: 	Night, Belle.
                Me: 	Sorry, Belle...
                Me: 	But, I'd rather be the only thing you feel.
                Belle:	Well, that's kinda lame.
                Me: 	You really need a toy to satisfy you?
                Me: 	Even when you have the real thing?
                Belle:	No... I guess I don't.
                Belle:	I just thought it would be more fun.
                Belle:	But, I think that huge thing will be fun enough.
                Me: 	Oh, will it?
                Belle:	Yeah, it will.
                Belle:	If it doesn't, I'll be shocked...
                Belle:	...and, maybe even disappointed.
                Me: 	We wouldn't want that, now.
                Belle:	Oooh! Yesss...
                Me: 	You like this?
                Belle:	I doooo...
                Belle:	Mmm... Yes...
                Me: 	You're so wet, Belle...
                Belle:	I can't help it...
                Belle:	This is really exciting.
                Belle:	But, it would be even better if you stuck it in already.
                Me: 	OOooh, fuck!
                Belle:	Surprise ya?
                Me: 	A little...
                Belle:	*Giggle* I'm... gonna surprise you even more.
                Me: 	Mmmff... Fuck, Belle...
                Belle:	Is it good?
                Me: 	It's... fucking amazing...
                Belle:	Mmm...
                Belle:	Oooohh...
                Belle:	Agreed...
                Me: 	Surprise!
                Belle:	*Moan* Fuuuuck, yeeeah...
                Belle:	I'm gonna...
                Belle:	Ahhh...
                Belle:	I'm gonna cum!
                Me: 	Me too...
                Belle:	Do it.
                Belle:	Cum inside me...
                Belle:	Fill me with your hot load, Dennis!
                Me: 	If you insist.
                Belle:	Mmmmfff... AAAH!
                Me: 	*Moan* Oooh... Fuuuuck!
                Belle:	Oh, yeah...
                Belle:	I feel so warm inside...
                Belle:	Mmm... It's nice.
                Me: 	It can't last forever, Belle.
                Belle:	Aww... Leaving so soon?
                Me: 	Yeah, I need to take this thing off.
                Belle:	Next time we should do this without that.
                Me: 	Maybe.
                Me: 	So...
                Me: 	How was it?
                Belle:	It was pretty good.
                Me: 	Pfft...
                Belle:	Hey, now...
                Belle:	I didn't say it wasn't the best.
                Me: 	You really think this was the best?
                Belle:	Well, maybe not the best... but, definitely one of the best.
                Me: 	Heh. I'll take it.
                Belle:	Good... You should be proud.
                Belle:	You satisfied me.
                Belle:	*Yawn* And, exhausted me.
                Me: 	*Yawn* I wonder what time it is.
                Belle:	It's late, for sure.
                Belle:	I'd say it's time for bed.
                Me: 	Yeah, we really got the blood pumping.
                Belle:	*Giggle* I'm sure Violet would be happy we got our exercise for the day.
                Me: 	*Chuckle* Yeah, right.
                Belle:	Thanks for everything, Dennis.
                Belle:	I'm gonna go get my beauty sleep, now.
                Me: 	Okay...
                Belle:	*Giggle* Just messing with you.
                Belle:	Night, Dennis.
                Me: 	Night, Belle.
        Me: 	I think I'm gonna go back to the house.
        Me: 	I'm pretty tired.
        Belle:	Aww, how disappointing.
        Belle:	Hopefully you'll have the energy to stay up longer, tomorrow.
        Me: 	We'll see.
        Me: 	See you tomorrow, Belle.
        Me: 	Night.
        Belle:	Night, sexy.
        Narr:	You walk away from Belle, now focused on finding Violet.
        Me: 	(Where did she say she was going?)
        Me: 	(The campfire spot from the first night?)
        Me: 	(Yeah, I think that's what she said.)
        Narr:	Walking beneath the blanket of stars above Red Falls...
        Narr:	You make it to the spot Violet spoke of.
        Me: 	(I wonder where she is?)
        Me: 	(Oh, is that--)
        Violet:	Hey, Dennis.
        Violet:	So... You decided to join me after all?
        Me: 	I wanted to spend more of this beautiful night with a beautiful girl.
        Violet:	Do... Do you mean that?
        Me: 	Yeah, I do.
        Me: 	You're gorgeous, and kind.
        Me: 	(And, your body is a perfect 10/10.)
            Violet:	Oh, Dennis...
            Violet:	I've wanted to hear you say that for so long.
            Me: 	You have?
            Violet:	I was so shy when I first got here...
            Violet:	But, now I feel much more comfortable.
            Me: 	It makes me happy to hear that, Violet...
            Me: 	I'm glad you feel comfortable with me.
            Me: 	I feel close to you too.
            Violet:	You do?
            Me: 	How couldn't I?
            Me: 	You're kind, fun to exercise with, and irresistible.
            Violet:	Irresistible?
            Me: 	Yeah.
            Violet:	Oh, Dennis...
            Me: 	Violet...
            Violet:	I've wanted you to do that for so long, Dennis...
            Me: 	You have?
            Violet:	I have. I was just so shy before...
            Me: 	It's okay, Violet.
            Violet:	To be honest...
            Violet:	...I want to do other things to you too.
            Me: 	Wow. Okay. I didn't expect you to say that so openly.
            Violet:	Oh, did I frighten you?
            Me: 	No, no. I'm just surprised... It was unexpected.
            Violet:	Well... I'm finally starting to feel comfortable.
            Violet:	I can't help it if I'm feeling the urge to be more honest...
            Violet:	Especially with you.
            Me: 	No, Violet...
            Me: 	I like this side of you.
            Me: 	I'm glad you feel more comfortable with me, already.
            Violet:	You are?
            Me: 	Yeah, really glad...
            Violet:	Oh, Dennis...
            Violet:	Come here.
            Me: 	You're wonderful, Violet.
            Violet:	So are you, Dennis...
            Me: 	Mmm...
            Violet:	Does that feel good?
            Me: 	Yeah, it does.
            Violet:	Oh!
            Me: 	Sorry! Too fast?
            Violet:	Don't be sorry. And, no... I was just surprised.
            Violet:	And, your touch...
            Me: 	Excited you like you excited me?
            Violet:	Oh...
            Violet:	Yes.
            Me: 	Someone's eager.
            Violet:	I can't help it... I want to see your body.
            Me: 	Will you be joining me?
            Violet:	Well, yes...
            Violet:	Help a girl out?
            Me: 	This better?
            Violet:	Much better...
            Violet:	Do you like this?
            Violet:	And, this?
            Me: 	Yeah, Violet.
            Me: 	You're... doing something to me.
            Violet:	Oh, it looks like I am.
            Violet:	Let me help you with that huge thing...
            Me: 	Ohhh...
            Violet:	*Moan* Oh, yeah... Dennis...
            Violet:	Touch me...
            Violet:	Touch me!
            Me: 	*Moan* Oh, Violet...
            Violet:	Dennis...
            Violet:	I'm... close.
            Me: 	Me too...
            Violet:	Cum, Dennis. Cum for me.
            Me: 	You too, then.
            Violet:	Mmmff... I... will.
            Violet:	AAH! Yes!
            Me: 	Fuuuck, yeah...
            Violet:	That... was a good exercise.
            Violet:	Don't you think so, my special workout partner?
            Me: 	I do, Violet. You're a great special workout partner.
            Violet:	I'm glad you think so...
            Violet:	Maybe we can do some special yoga sometime?
            Me: 	Hopefully sooner than later.
            Violet:	I'm glad you followed, Dennis.
            Me: 	I am too... I had a great time out here with you.
            Violet:	Good night, Dennis.
            Violet:	Sleep well, okay?
            Me: 	I will. You too, Violet.
            Violet:	I have a feeling I'll sleep wonderfully, tonight.
            Me: 	Me too.
            Me: 	Good night, Violet.
                Me: 	Hmm...
                Me: 	(Violet seemed... different.)
                Me: 	(Really different, actually.)
                Me: 	(She was so shy before today.)
                Me: 	(I wonder if this has anything to do with her session, earlier.)
                Me: 	(She's been pretty relaxed since then.)
                Me: 	*Chuckle* (Eve's really doing something amazing here.)
                Me: 	Hmm...
                Me: 	(Violet seemed... different.)
                Me: 	(Really different, actually.)
                Me: 	(She was so shy before today.)
                Me: 	(I guess she's getting comfortable, finally.)
                Me: 	(It's nice to see her out of her shell...)
            Violet:	You really mean that?
            Violet:	You're not messing with me?
            Me: 	No! Why would I be that cruel?
            Violet:	I don't think you would...
            Me: 	What? Do you think someone put me up to this?
            Violet:	No, of course not.
            Violet:	It just... came out of the blue so suddenly.
            Me: 	I've felt it for a while, Violet...
            Violet:	You have?
            Me: 	Yeah. How could anyone not like you?
            Me: 	And, how could anyone resist?
            Violet:	Dennis, you're so sweet...
            Me: 	So are you, Violet...
            Me: 	Compared to most of the girls here, you're the sweetest.
            Violet:	Oh, Dennis...
            Me: 	*Quietly* You have beautiful eyes.
            Violet:	So do you...
            Me: 	Mm... Woah.
            Violet:	Oh, I'm sorry. Did I surprise you?
            Me: 	Yeah, you did... But, it's okay.
            Me: 	It was the best kind of surprise...
            Violet:	I'm gla--
            Violet:	Oh, Dennis...
            Violet:	Hold me.
            Violet:	Mmmm...
            Violet:	I've wanted this for so long...
            Me: 	You have?
            Violet:	Yeah, I just felt too shy before.
            Me: 	I'm glad you feel comfortable with me, Violet.
            Violet:	I'm glad you followed, Dennis.
            Me: 	I am too... I had a great time out here with you.
            Violet:	Good night, Dennis.
            Violet:	Sleep well, okay?
            Me: 	I will. You too, Violet.
            Violet:	I have a feeling I'll sleep wonderfully, tonight.
            Me: 	Me too.
            Me: 	Good night, Violet.
        Me: 	I think I'm gonna go back to the house.
        Me: 	I'm pretty tired.
        Belle:	Aww, how disappointing.
        Belle:	Hopefully you'll have the energy to stay up longer, tomorrow.
        Me: 	We'll see.
        Me: 	(Especially since I'm not going to sleep...)
        Me: 	(...or back to the house.)
        Me: 	See you tomorrow, Belle.
        Me: 	Night.
        Belle:	Night, sexy.
        Narr:	You walk away from Belle, now focused on quickly getting to Stacy's cabin.
        Me: 	(I don't have much time, Belle will be right behind me...)
        Me: 	(Gotta make this quick.)
        Narr:	Every so often you make sure Belle isn't following you.
        Me: 	(I don't think she followed me.)
        Narr:	Now at the door of Stacy and Belle's cabin, you gently knock.
        Stacy:	Who's there?
        Me: 	It's just me, Stacy.
        Stacy:	Oh, how wonderful. Hello, Dennis.
        Stacy:	Why are you gracing me with your presence?
        Me: 	Well, I just wanted to say good night to you before I went to bed.
        Stacy:	How sweet...
            Me: 	Where are we going?
            Stacy:	I didn't want Belle to interrupt us.
            Stacy:	So... You must feel the bonding flames, too.
            Me: 	The what?
            Stacy:	You feel the same passion for me, as I do for you.
            Me: 	I do, Stacy...
            Me: 	I think we've gotten really close.
            Stacy:	As do I.
            Narr:	Before you can say a word, she kisses you passionately on the lips.
            Stacy:	Ah... My heart is ablaze.
            Stacy:	I want you, I need you...
            Stacy:	Your hot, divine, rod.
            Me: 	Well...
            Me: 	I think I know where we can go.
            Me: 	Follow me, Stacy.
            Narr:	Under the cover of darkness, you and Stacy made it to the deck undetected.
            Me: 	Nobody comes out here this late at night.
            Stacy:	Then... we can continue.
            Stacy:	Sit down, please.
            Stacy:	Good...
            Me: 	Hmm?
            Stacy:	I want to make you feel the divine flames rage.
            Stacy:	Give me your passion, Dennis.
            Me: 	Okay, Stacy...
            Me: 	I will.
            Stacy:	Mmm... Yes...
            Stacy:	But, it would be easier if...
            Narr:	Taking Stacy's cue, you help her take her shirt off.
            Stacy:	Yes, Dennis... I am yours...
            Me: 	You are?
            Stacy:	Tonight, I am here to satisfy your desires.
            Stacy:	Let me help you with these...
            Stacy:	As expected... You crave my warmth, too.
            Me: 	I can't hide it.
            Stacy:	Yes. It is far too big...
            Stacy:	...but not for me.
            Me: 	Oh, yeah, Stacy...
            Stacy:	You enjoy this?
            Me: 	Yeah...
            Stacy:	Tell me what to do, and I'll follow your command.
            Me: 	You really know how to make a man happy, don't you?
            Stacy:	What can I say? I am a scholar among my people.
            Stacy:	So, what do you desire, my prince?
            Me: 	How about... a handjob?
            Stacy:	Anything for you, Dennis...
            Me: 	Oh yeah...
            Stacy:	Do you like this?
            Me: 	You really know what you're doing.
            Stacy:	I am glad you like my technique...
            Stacy:	It is one of the highest forms of erotic art within our dogma.
            Me: 	Mmmff... Is it?
            Stacy:	Yes.
            Me: 	Your religion sounds better... and better... every day.
            Stacy:	Well, this should feel even better, then.
            Stacy:	Is this good?
            Me: 	Ooooh, yeah...
            Stacy:	Do you feel my warmth?
            Me: 	Mhm... Keep going...
            Stacy:	Focus on the hot pleasure...
            Me: 	Aaah...
            Me: 	Can we try something else?
            Stacy:	As you wish, my prince.
            Me: 	Can we try something else?
            Stacy:	As you wish, my prince.
            Me: 	A blowjob would be great...
            Stacy:	Anything for you, Dennis...
            Me: 	Oh yeah...
            Stacy:	Do you like this?
            Me: 	You really know what you're doing.
            Stacy:	I am glad you like my technique, so far...
            Stacy:	I think you'll love this.
            Stacy:	It is one of the erotic arts within our dogma.
            Me: 	Mmmff... Is it?
            Stacy:	*Gasp* Ah! Yes.
            Me: 	Your religion sounds better... and better... every day.
            Stacy:	Well, this should feel even better, then.
            Me: 	You're so good, Stacy...
            Me: 	Aahhh...
            Me: 	Yeah, yeah...
            Me: 	This is great...
            Me: 	Oooh... fuuu--
            Me: 	This is amazing...
            Me: 	Can we try something else?
            Stacy:	As you wish, my prince.
            Me: 	Can we try something else?
            Stacy:	As you wish, my prince.
            Me: 	I'd love a titjob, Stacy.
            Stacy:	Anything for you, Dennis...
            Me: 	Mmm... They're so soft...
            Stacy:	Do you like this?
            Me: 	it feels amazing, Stacy...
            Stacy:	I am glad you like it.
            Stacy:	I know they're not the biggest...
            Stacy:	But, I think my technique will compensate.
            Stacy:	It is one of the highest forms of erotic art within our dogma.
            Me: 	Stacy, your tits are amazing...
            Stacy:	You really think so?
            Me: 	Yes. They're perfect...
            Stacy:	It warms my bosom to hear that, Dennis...
            Stacy:	I'm going to make you feel even better, now.
            Stacy:	Do you like how they feel?
            Me: 	Yeah, they're so soft...
            Stacy:	Feel the heat of my soul...
            Me: 	Mmm... Fuuuu...
            Stacy:	I'm going as fast as I can...
            Me: 	It feels amazing, Stacy...
            Me: 	Can we try something else?
            Stacy:	As you wish, my prince.
            Me: 	Can we try something else?
            Stacy:	As you wish, my prince.
            Me: 	I can't hold it much longer...
            Me: 	I'm gonna...
            Me: 	I'm gonna cum, Stacy.
            Stacy:	Give it to me, Dennis.
            Stacy:	Give it to me here...
            Me: 	If you insist...
            Stacy:	I want it all.
            Me: 	*Moan* Oooohh... Aahhh...
            Stacy:	Mmmff... Aah!
            Stacy:	There's so much, Dennis...
            Me: 	Sorr--
            Stacy:	No, Dennis, that was a positive statement...
            Me: 	Oh... Okay.
            Me: 	You never cease to amaze me, Stacy...
            Stacy:	Good... You amaze me too, my prince.
            Me: 	Every day I get closer and closer to joining your religion, Stacy.
            Stacy:	*Giggle* Then my mission as an envoy is going according to plan...
            Me: 	Heh... I really hope you're joking...
            Stacy:	An envoy of the divine flame never reveals her secrets.
            Stacy:	However...
            Stacy:	I think I should return to my cabin, now. It's quite late.
            Stacy:	Thank you, again, for coming to see me.
            Me: 	Anytime, Stacy. I'm glad I did, too.
            Stacy:	Good night, ashen prince.
            Me: 	Good night, beautiful.
            Me: 	I can't hold it much longer...
            Me: 	I'm gonna...
            Me: 	I'm gonna cum, Stacy.
            Stacy:	Give it to me, Dennis.
            Stacy:	Cover my breasts in your hot passion...
            Me: 	If you insist...
            Stacy:	I want it all.
            Me: 	*Moan* Oooohh... Aahhh...
            Stacy:	Oh! Yes...
            Stacy:	There's so much, Dennis...
            Stacy:	And, some of it went so far...
            Me: 	Sorr--
            Stacy:	No, Dennis, it's fine.
            Me: 	Oh... Okay.
            Me: 	You never cease to amaze me, Stacy...
            Stacy:	Good... You amaze me too, my prince.
            Me: 	Every day I get closer and closer to joining your religion, Stacy.
            Stacy:	*Giggle* Then my mission as an envoy is going according to plan...
            Me: 	Heh... I really hope you're joking...
            Stacy:	An envoy of the divine flame never reveals her secrets.
            Stacy:	However...
            Stacy:	I think I should return to my cabin, now. It's quite late.
            Stacy:	Thank you, again, for coming to see me.
            Me: 	Anytime, Stacy. I'm glad I did, too.
            Stacy:	Good night, ashen prince.
            Me: 	Good night, beautiful.
            Stacy:	Won't you come in?
            Me: 	Sure. I didn't know I was welcome.
            Stacy:	You're always welcome in my domain, Dennis.
            Narr:	Having been invited in by Stacy, you enter the cabin.
            Stacy:	Come here, please...
            Stacy:	Hello, Dennis.
            Stacy:	What did I do to get in the good graces of the divine flame?
            Me: 	You must have paid good tribute...
            Stacy:	Indeed...
            Narr:	Before you can say a word, she kisses you passionately on the lips.
            Stacy:	Thank you for coming to say good night, Dennis.
            Me: 	No problem, I'm glad I did...
            Stacy:	Belle will arrive back here, soon...
            Stacy:	I wish we had more time.
            Me: 	I also do.
            Stacy:	Another time, I suppose. Good night, Dennis.
            Me: 	Good night, Stacy. Sleep well.
            Narr:	You linger a moment longer, looking into Stacy's longing eyes.
            Me: 	(What is that look? How badly does she want me?)
            Me: 	(Those eyes are going to stick with me.)
        Me: 	I think I'm gonna go back to the house.
        Me: 	I'm pretty tired.
        Belle:	Aww, how disappointing.
        Belle:	Hopefully you'll have the energy to stay up longer, tomorrow.
        Me: 	We'll see.
        Me: 	That all depends on Eve.
        Belle:	Yeah, it does.
        Belle:	And, I'm aware she's Mrs. Boring.
        Me: 	*Chuckle* She can be, at times.
        Me: 	Night, Belle.
        Belle:	Night, sexy.
        Narr:	You walk away from Belle, and head back to the house.
        Belle:	(I'll make you my simp, Dennis.)
        Belle:	(You'll see...)
        Narr:	Arriving in your room, you feel more tired than earlier.
        Narr:	However, you still feel slightly restless...
        Narr:	Mostly because of the girls' behavior on the dock.
        Me: 	(The girls really know how to make me horny...)
        Me: 	(Meh. Whatever...)
        Narr:	Sitting on your bed, you scroll through your phone.
            Narr:	You browse the internet a bit, eventually getting bored.
            Narr:	However, before putting your phone down... 
            Narr:	You see an old message from Kiara.
            Me: 	(Oh. Kiara...)
            Me: 	("The dreaded Forest Sucker.")
            Me: 	*Chuckles*
            Narr:	As you stop chuckling to yourself, you feel a strange urge...
            Me: 	(Should I reach out to her?)
            Me: 	(Wait, it's like 2am.)
            Me: 	(Hmm...)
            Me: 	(Maybe she isn't sleeping?)
            Me: 	(I could go peek into her room, or send her a text.)
            Me: 	(What to do, what to do...)
                Me: 	(What to do, what to do...)
            Narr:	You notice a notification from an unknown number.
            Me: 	(Who's that?)
            Narr:	Opening the message, you're shocked to see a picture of yourself, nude.
            Me: 	(WHAT THE HELL?!)
            Me: 	(Naomi...)
            Narr:	You consider texting Naomi back...
                Narr:	You consider texting Naomi back...
                    Me: 	(You know what? I will text her back.)
                    Me: 	"I'm beginning to regret giving you my number."
                    Naomi:	"Oh, come on... It's just a joke. ;P"
                    Naomi:	"So, you're still up?"
                    Me: 	"So are you."
                    Naomi:	"Yeah, I am."
                    Naomi:	"Sleeping on these beds is a travesty..."
                    Me: 	"Better than sleeping in the barn."
                    Naomi:	"Lmao. Yeah, right. Is there even a barn here?"
                    Me: 	"Lol, no."
                    Naomi:	"Didn't think so. lol"
                    Naomi:	"It's so cold out here..."
                    Naomi:	"Why don't you come and warm me up?"
                    Me: 	"What?!"
                    Naomi:	"Joooooking."
                        Naomi:	"Although... I wouldn't mind you bringing me a spare sweater."
                        Naomi:	"I'm freezing my tits off tonight."
                        Me: 	"We wouldn't want that, now."
                        Naomi:	"I'm sure you wouldn't. lol"
                        Naomi:	"Anyway, I'll let you go."
                        Naomi:	"I'm sure you're tired."
                        Me: 	"Night, Naomi."
                        Naomi:	"Anyway, I'll let you go."
                        Naomi:	"I'm sure you're tired."
                        Me: 	"Night, Naomi."
                        Me: 	(Was she being serious?)
                        Me: 	(If she really is cold, I should bring her that sweater...)
                        Me: 	(Wouldn't want those tits freezing off.)
                        Me: 	(What if she's joking, though?)
                        Me: 	(Why would she? We have a good relationship...)
                        Narr:	You think what to do for a moment, before making a decision.
                        Me: 	(What should I do?)
                            Me: 	(What should I do?)
                                Narr:	You decide to be a gentleman, and bring Naomi a sweater.
                                Me: 	(It'll probably be a little big for her petite body...)
                                Me: 	(But, it should do.)
                                Me: 	Pssst! Naomi.
                                Naomi:	Oh, you actually came?
                                Naomi:	With... a sweater?
                                Naomi:	(He's sweet...)
                                Me: 	Didn't you want me to bring you one?
                                Naomi:	Yeah, yeah.
                                Naomi:	Thanks, Dennis.
                                Naomi:	Come in. Let's chat a little.
                                Me: 	Wouldn't we wake Violet up?
                                Naomi:	Oh, Violet? No. She sleeps really soundly.
                                Naomi:	Probably because of all that exercise she gets during the day.
                                Me: 	You sure?
                                Naomi:	Certain.
                                Naomi:	Come in, please.
                                Naomi:	Sit down.
                                Naomi:	Thanks again for making sure I don't freeze my tits off...
                                Me: 	*Chuckle* No problem, Naomi.
                                Me: 	We wouldn't want that to happen.
                                    Naomi:	So, what are you really doing out here?
                                        Naomi:	Oh really? What would you have done if I told you it was just a joke?
                                            Naomi:	Oh really? What would you have done if I told you it was just a joke?
                                                Me: 	I guess I would have gone back to the house.
                                        Me: 	Well, I wanted to spend a little more time with you...
                                            Naomi:	How sweet... And, what did you want to do with me?
                                Naomi:	Oh, do I?
                                Me: 	Yeah...
                                Naomi:	Well, Dennis...
                                Naomi:	Who knew you'd grow a pair so quickly.
                                Me: 	Hey, what the hell?
                                Me: 	I came here to bring you a sweater...
                                Me: 	Not to be insulted.
                                Naomi:	Dennis... Don't take it so seriously...
                                Naomi:	I was just joking.
                                Me: 	It didn't seem like it...
                                Naomi:	You know what?
                                Naomi:	I'll make it up to you...
                                Naomi:	...by letting you choose where we go from here.
                                Me: 	Well...
                                Me: 	I think I have an idea...
                                    Me: 	I think I have an idea...
                                        Me: 	How about you...
                                        Me: 	Give me a handy?
                                        Naomi:	You want me to...
                                        Naomi:	*Sigh* Sure... sure.
                                        Naomi:	I think I owe it to you.
                                        Naomi:	I haven't really shown you my soft side yet...
                                        Naomi:	Just relax...
                                        Naomi:	Go with the flow.
                                        Me: 	Okay...
                                        Naomi:	Does this feel good, Dennis?
                                        Me: 	Yeah... it does.
                                        Naomi:	Good.
                                        Naomi:	Stay like that...
                                        Naomi:	I think this will feel much better...
                                        Me: 	Oh?
                                        Naomi:	Be patient...
                                        Me: 	Mmmm... Yeah...
                                        Me: 	That feels amazing...
                                        Naomi:	Focus on that feeling...
                                        Naomi:	Because this might not happen again soon.
                                        Me: 	Why... not?
                                        Naomi:	Because you're not serving me.
                                        Me: 	Mmm... Oohh...
                                        Me: 	I'll have to, next time.
                                        Naomi:	You...
                                        Naomi:	Better.
                                        Me: 	Aaah!
                                        Naomi:	SSshhh...
                                        Naomi:	You need to stay quieter...
                                        Me: 	*Muffled moan* MMffmm...
                                        Naomi:	Moan as much as you want.
                                        Naomi:	Nobody will hear you.
                                        Me: 	*Muffled moan*
                                        Me: 	*Muffled* Mmmff!
                                        Naomi:	I like this reaction...
                                        Naomi:	Maybe I should... stroke harder.
                                        Me: 	*Muffled moan* Mmmff!
                                        Narr:	As you moan in ecstasy into Naomi's hand...
                                        Narr:	Your cock twitches and throbs.
                                        Narr:	As your ecstasy reaches its peak, your hot load flies toward Naomi.
                                        Narr:	She managed to dodge most of it, however, some semen got on her hands.
                                        Me: 	Aaah... yeah...
                                        Naomi:	Did you discover a new kink?
                                        Me: 	*Quiet chuckle* I don't think so...
                                        Naomi:	Awww...
                                        Naomi:	Maybe I'll have to try something else, next time...
                                        Me: 	Next time?
                                        Naomi:	Yeah...
                                        Naomi:	If you're good.
                                        Me: 	*Quiet gasp* Oooh... I'm excited.
                                        Naomi:	*Yawn* You should be.
                                        Me: 	Am I boring you?
                                        Naomi:	Of course not...
                                        Naomi:	I'm just tired, and it's pretty late.
                                        Me: 	Yeah, it is.
                                        Me: 	I'll head out, and let you go to sleep.
                                        Naomi:	Thanks for bringing the sweater, Dennis.
                                        Me: 	No problem.
                                        Me: 	Night, Naomi.
                                        Naomi:	Night, Dennis.
                                        Me: 	How about you...
                                        Me: 	Just enjoy my touch?
                                        Naomi:	You want me to...
                                        Naomi:	Let you touch me?
                                        Naomi:	Sure, I'm happy with that choice.
                                        Naomi:	I love it when you serve me...
                                        Naomi:	Here. Easier?
                                        Me: 	Much easier...
                                        Me: 	First, I'll start here...
                                        Naomi:	Too bad it's so cold out tonight...
                                        Me: 	You don't want to take the sweater off?
                                        Naomi:	I'd rather not...
                                        Me: 	That's fine, because I'm moving elsewhere...
                                        Naomi:	Oooh... Taking your time?
                                        Me: 	I'm just giving you the time to enjoy it.
                                        Me: 	You've got such a great ass...
                                        Naomi:	You like it?
                                        Me: 	Yeah, it's perfect.
                                        Me: 	But...
                                        Me: 	I like this more.
                                        Naomi:	Ahhh...
                                        Naomi:	So, you've fallen under her spell?
                                        Me: 	It seems so.
                                        Naomi:	Mmmff... Good.
                                        Me: 	But, I think it would be better if these weren't in the way.
                                        Naomi:	Did I tell you to do that?
                                        Me: 	I thought I was here to serve you?
                                        Naomi:	Well... Okay.
                                        Naomi:	You're right.
                                        Me: 	Then, just enjoy this...
                                        Naomi:	*Quiet moan* Fuuu...
                                        Naomi:	Mmmm...
                                        Naomi:	Keep going, Dennis...
                                        Me: 	If you insist.
                                        Naomi:	Mmmf...
                                        Me: 	You're dripping wet...
                                        Naomi:	Because you're driving me crazy...
                                        Me: 	Do you want me to stick them in?
                                        Naomi:	I've been waiting for you to say that...
                                        Naomi:	...since you started.
                                        Naomi:	OOoaaahhh... Mmm...
                                        Me: 	You like this?
                                        Naomi:	Ssshh...
                                        Naomi:	Just keep going...
                                        Me: 	Harder?
                                        Naomi:	Whatever you want to do to me...
                                            Naomi:	Whatever you want to do to me...
                                                Me: 	I'll keep it gentle, Naomi.
                                                Naomi:	I think Violet will appreciate that.
                                                Me: 	What? Why Violet?
                                                Naomi:	*Whispers* Because, I can't help myself sometimes...
                                                Naomi:	Who knows how loud I'd be yelping...
                                                Me: 	I don't know if I'm happy to hear that, or slightly disappointed...
                                                Naomi:	Oh, it'll still be sexy...
                                                Naomi:	Refocus, Dennis...
                                                Naomi:	Mmmmmm... Feels amazing...
                                                Naomi:	Keep going...
                                                Naomi:	*Quiet moans* Fuuuuuucccckkk...
                                                Naomi:	I'm... I'm...
                                                Naomi:	I'm gonna cum...
                                                Me: 	I won't stop you.
                                                Naomi:	Mmmff... Yes...
                                                Naomi:	Aaaaah...
                                                Me: 	Was it good?
                                                Naomi:	It felt nice...
                                                Naomi:	Next time, when Violet isn't here...
                                                Naomi:	You'll have to do it harder.
                                                Me: 	Did Violet wake up?
                                                Naomi:	No, I don't think so.
                                                Naomi:	See? She's a heavy sleeper.
                                                Naomi:	Just like I said.
                                                Me: 	I guess you're right.
                                                Naomi:	*Yawn* Of course I am.
                                                Me: 	Am I boring you?
                                                Naomi:	No... I'm just tired, and it's pretty late.
                                                Me: 	Yeah, it is.
                                                Me: 	I'll head out, and let you go to sleep.
                                                Naomi:	Thanks for bringing the sweater, Dennis.
                                                Me: 	No problem.
                                                Me: 	Night, Naomi.
                                                Naomi:	Night, Dennis.
                                                Me: 	I'll show you...
                                                Me: 	...my strength.
                                                Naomi:	Huh?
                                                Naomi:	FUUUU-- Feels amazing...
                                                Naomi:	Keep going...
                                                Naomi:	*Moans* Fuuuuuucccckkk...
                                                Naomi:	I'm... I'm!
                                                Naomi:	*Yelping* I'm gonna cum!
                                                Me: 	I won't stop you.
                                                Naomi:	Mmmff... Yes!
                                                Naomi:	Aaaaah...
                                                Me: 	Was it good?
                                                Naomi:	It felt nice...
                                                Violet:	(Oh... My god...)
                                                Violet:	(Is she really?)
                                                Violet:	(Is HE really?)
                                                Violet:	(I... I can't believe this...)
                                                Naomi:	Shit, I may have gotten a liiiittle loud...
                                                Me: 	Do you think we woke Violet up?
                                                Naomi:	I don't think so.
                                                Naomi:	She sleeps like a hibernating bear.
                                                Naomi:	Don't worry about it.
                                                Me: 	If you say so...
                                                Me: 	You're her cabinmate after all.
                                                Naomi:	*Yawn* Just relax, Dennis...
                                                Me: 	Oh, am I boring you?
                                                Naomi:	No... I'm just tired, and it's pretty late.
                                                Me: 	Yeah, it is.
                                                Me: 	I'll head out, and let you go to sleep.
                                                Naomi:	Thanks for bringing the sweater, Dennis.
                                                Naomi:	*Whisper* And, for serving me so well.
                                                Me: 	*Quiet chuckle* It's my pleasure.
                                                Me: 	Night, Naomi.
                                                Naomi:	Night, Dennis.
                                Naomi:	Oh, really?
                                Naomi:	I can't say I'm surprised to hear that...
                                Naomi:	*Sigh* Thanks for being honest with me, though.
                                Me: 	It's the least I can do.
                                Naomi:	Hmm...
                                Naomi:	You know what?
                                Me: 	What?
                                Naomi:	Since you've been honest with me, I'll be honest with you.
                                Naomi:	I'll let you in on a little something...
                                Me: 	And, what is that?
                                Naomi:	Oh, you'll see soon enough.
                                Naomi:	Just relax...
                                Naomi:	Go with the flow.
                                Me: 	Okay...
                                Naomi:	Does this feel good, Dennis?
                                Me: 	Yeah... it does.
                                Naomi:	Perfect.
                                Naomi:	Stay like that...
                                Me: 	Oh?
                                Naomi:	Be patient...
                                Me: 	Mmmm... Yeah...
                                Me: 	Wait a second...
                                Me: 	Those are in the way.
                                Naomi:	Naughty.
                                Naomi:	Allow me...
                                Me: 	Wow...
                                Naomi:	Enjoy the view?
                                Me: 	Hell yeah...
                                Me: 	Shiiit...
                                Naomi:	You better enjoy this as long as you can...
                                Naomi:	Who knows when you'll get the chance again.
                                Me: 	Yeah... Naomi...
                                Naomi:	Mmmmf...
                                Naomi:	This is so good...
                                Naomi:	For a peasant.
                                Me: 	Ha... ha...
                                Naomi:	Oh... shit...
                                Naomi:	Yeah...
                                Naomi:	Oh...
                                Naomi:	Ooohh...
                                Me: 	I'm gonna...
                                Naomi:	Me... too...
                                Naomi:	Cum... for me.
                                Naomi:	What the hell?
                                Naomi:	You couldn't be decent, and cum on yourself?
                                Me: 	Sorry...
                                Me: 	But... they say it's good for the skin.
                                Me: 	So, in a way...
                                Me: 	I'm doing you a favor.
                                Naomi:	Are you, now?
                                Naomi:	I don't think I asked for a semen moisturization regimen...
                                Naomi:	But, it's okay.
                                Me: 	I really couldn't help it.
                                Naomi:	I know...
                                Naomi:	*Whisper* Maybe I like it.
                                Naomi:	Did you like it?
                                Me: 	I loved it...
                                Naomi:	Good.
                                Naomi:	Now I've got you wrapped around my finger.
                                Me: 	Should I be scared?
                                Naomi:	Uhh... why?
                                Me: 	Because, when you got here, you told me you killed a man with your pussy.
                                Naomi:	*Quiet chuckle* I guess you'll just have to be good...
                                Naomi:	Otherwise, you might find out.
                                Me: 	*Quiet gasp* I'm terrified.
                                Naomi:	*Yawn* You should be.
                                Me: 	Am I boring you?
                                Naomi:	No... I'm just tired, and it's pretty late.
                                Me: 	Yeah, it is.
                                Me: 	I'll head out, and let you go to sleep.
                                Naomi:	Thanks for bringing the sweater, Dennis.
                                Me: 	No problem.
                                Me: 	Night, Naomi.
                                Naomi:	Night, Dennis.
                        Narr:	You decide to stay in bed, browsing the internet a bit.
                        Narr:	Eventually, your eyes begin to burn and sleep begins to take you.
                        Me: 	(What time is it?)
                        Me: 	(Damn, it's 2am.)
                        Me: 	(I should probably just go to sleep.)
                        Narr:	Deciding smartly to go to sleep, you put your phone down.
                    Me: 	(She's probably already asleep...)
                    Me: 	(Wouldn't want to disturb her beauty sleep.)
                    Narr:	You browse the internet a bit, eventually getting bored.
                    Narr:	However, before putting your phone down...
                    Narr:	You see an old message from Kiara.
                    Kiara:	"I'm so happy you're coming back this summer!"
                    Kiara:	"Can't wait to see you!"
                    Me: 	(Oh. Kiara...)
                        Me: 	("The dreaded Forest Sucker.")
                    Me: 	*Chuckles*
                    Narr:	As you stop chuckling to yourself, you feel a strange urge...
                    Me: 	(Should I reach out to her?)
                    Me: 	(Wait, it's like 2am.)
                    Me: 	(Hmm...)
                    Me: 	(Maybe she isn't sleeping?)
                    Me: 	(I could go peek into her room, or send her a text.)
                    Me: 	(What to do, what to do...)
                        Me: 	(What to do, what to do...)
                            Narr:	You take a gamble and decide to text Kiara.
                            Me: 	(Fuck it, why not?)
                            Me: 	Hey, Kiara. You up?
                            Me: 	(This is stupid. She's probably sleeping...)
                            Narr:	But, despite your disbelief, Kiara responds.
                            Kiara:	"I am now. What's up?"
                            Me: 	"I just wanted to see how you are..."
                            Me: 	"Especially after our talk, earlier."
                            Kiara:	"I feel a lot better..."
                            Kiara:	"Thanks for understanding."
                            Kiara:	"Again, I'm sorry."
                            Me: 	"It's okay, Kiara."
                            Me: 	"It's in the past."
                            Kiara:	"Thanks for texting..."
                            Kiara:	"Good night, again."
                            Me: 	"Night, Kiara."
                            Me: 	(You know? I'm happy I texted her.)
                            Me: 	(I'll sleep much better, now.)
                            Me: 	(Quietly...)
                            Me: 	(Almost there...)
                            Me: 	(I think she's sleeping...)
                            Kiara:	Huh?
                            Me: 	(Shit!)
                            Kiara:	Who's there?
                            Me: 	Kiara, it's me. Dennis.
                            Kiara:	Dennis? What are you doing in my room?
                            Kiara:	Why'd you wake me up?
                            Me: 	I just wanted to see if you were awake.
                            Me: 	It was stupid, I know.
                            Kiara:	Yeah, you woke me up...
                            Kiara:	But, it's okay.
                            Kiara:	Well... What's up?
                            Me: 	Are you...
                            Me: 	Are you okay?
                            Kiara:	Yeah, I'm fine...
                                Kiara:	Honestly, I should be asking you that...
                                Kiara:	Especially after what I did to you.
                                Me: 	It's okay, Kiara...
                                Kiara:	No, it's not. It's really messed up, Dennis.
                                Kiara:	*Sigh* Sometimes, I think spending so many summers with mental patients...
                                Kiara:	...has fucked me up a little.
                                Me: 	You've had to deal with pretty stressful shit, Kiara.
                                Me: 	Even though you did tie me up and suck my dick...
                                Me: 	(...while I was seeing someone...)
                                Me: 	...I'd say you're doing fine.
                                Kiara:	Thanks for forgiving me...
                                Me: 	No problem, Kiara.
                                Kiara:	*Sigh* I still feel like I need to make it up to you...
                                Me: 	You... do?
                                Me: 	(I won't refuse.)
                                Kiara:	Yeah. I didn't get a chance to finish what I started the other night...
                                Kiara:	Wouldn't want to leave you unsatisfied.
                                Kiara:	Come here...
                                Kiara:	Where was I?
                                Kiara:	Like this, right?
                                Me: 	Yeah, I think so.
                                Kiara:	And, you were like this.
                                Me: 	Actually, I think I was like this.
                                Kiara:	You're right... I think you were like that.
                                Kiara:	And, I was doing this.
                                Me: 	Oh, yeah...
                                Kiara:	You like that?
                                Kiara:	Just focus on the pleasure...
                                Kiara:	Grab my hair, Dennis.
                                Me: 	Are you sure, Kiara?
                                Kiara:	Pull me in hard, I can take it.
                                Kiara:	MMph. Mmm. Yeah.
                                Me: 	You like that?
                                Kiara:	Mhmmmm.
                                Me: 	(She's making it up to me nicely...)
                                Me: 	Ahh... Kiara...
                                Kiara:	Mmmph. Aah!
                                Me: 	Ah, Kiara... I'm gonna...
                                Kiara:	Mmph. Give it to me, Dennis.
                                Kiara:	(So much...)
                                Kiara:	Did I make it up to you properly?
                                Me: 	Yeah... I think you did.
                                Me: 	That was amazing, Kiara.
                                Kiara:	Good, wouldn't want you all pent-up before sleep.
                                Kiara:	Good night, Dennis.
                                Me: 	Good night, Kiara.
                                Me: 	(I'm glad that's behind us, now.)
                                Me: 	(What wild shit will happen tomorrow?)
                                Me: 	(I wonder.)
                                Kiara:	I'm just surprised to see you...
                                Kiara:	Especially after what I did to you.
                                Me: 	It's okay, Kiara...
                                Kiara:	No, it's not. It's really messed up, Dennis.
                                Kiara:	*Sigh* Sometimes, I think spending so many summers with mental patients...
                                Kiara:	...has fucked me up a little.
                                Me: 	You've had to deal with pretty stressful shit, Kiara.
                                Me: 	Even though you did tie me up and suck my dick...
                                Me: 	(...while I was seeing someone...)
                                Me: 	...I'd say you're doing fine.
                                Kiara:	Thanks for forgiving me...
                                Me: 	No problem, Kiara.
                                Me: 	I'll let you go back to sleep, now.
                                Kiara:	Okay. Night, Dennis.
                                Me: 	Night, Kiara.
                                Me: 	(I'm glad that's behind us, now.)
                                Me: 	(What crazy shit will happen tomorrow?)
                                Me: 	(I wonder.)
                            Me: 	(It's 2am.)
                            Me: 	(The screen is blinding me...)
                            Me: 	(I should probably just go to sleep.)
                            Narr:	Deciding smartly to go to sleep, you put your phone down.
Me: 	*Yawn* (I'm exhausted.)
Me: 	(Time for sleep...)
Narr:	You get up to take off your day clothes...
Narr:	...and get into bed.
Me: 	What a day...
Me: 	I wonder what wild things will happen tomorrow.
