Me: 	What's wrong with you!?
Me: 	Stacy...
Me: 	(Another dream... different from the last one.)
Me: 	(Only Stacy... standing in front of a red waterfall?)
Me: 	Her eyes...
Me: 	(Am I losing my mind?)
Me: 	(Two restless nights in a row... and the girls aren't making my days easier either.)
Me: 	(Stacy was there, but there was no eclipse... no crimson sky.)
Me: 	(I need a shower to clear my mind. All of this is getting to my head.)
Narr:	As you get up, an all familiar feeling gets ahold of you.
Me: 	(What if I'm still dreaming?)
Narr:	In a hurry, you unlock the phone to check the time.
Me: 	Thank god, I'm not dreaming.
Me: 	(But, I definitely overslept. It's 9 a.m. already.)
Me: 	(Better take that shower; and fast.)
Me: 	(This has gotta get my mind straight.)
Me: 	(A nice cold shower.)
Narr:	The cold shower does wake you up and chases remnants of the dream away.
Narr:	Your mind, now unclouded, starts wandering to last night's events.
    Me: 	(Violet's really changed since she first arrived at camp.)
    Me: 	(But, still, it's like she's holding back.)
    Me: 	(Maybe I can help her come out of her shell?)
    Me: 	(Why was I even surprised?)
    Me: 	(It's typical of Belle to sneak into someone's room for a booty call.)
    Me: 	(She's insatiable...)
    Me: 	(I'm glad Naomi opened up.)
    Me: 	(Gone is the spoiled princess. She's actually great to hang out with.)
    Me: 	(And incredible to be with...)
Narr:	Feeling refreshed, you make your way downstairs while your stomach protests in need of food.
Emily:	Morning, sleepyhead.
Emily:	Did you dream of something or someone nice?
Emily:	Or are you just exhausted?
Emily:	*Giggle*
Narr:	Ignoring her jabs, you grab some food out of the fridge and sit across from her.
Me: 	Yes, Emily, I do feel exhausted.
Me: 	I haven't even grabbed breakfast and you're already nagging.
Me: 	Plus, I barely got any sleep.
Emily:	*Giggle* Oh, I believe you.
Me: 	If you have to know, I had another weird dream last night.
Emily:	Did you dream about Stacy again?
Me: 	Emily, I keep tell–
Narr:	You don't get to finish your thought as Emily interrupts you.
Emily:	Or did you dream about me?
Me: 	...
Emily:	I often dream of you.
Narr:	Caught off guard by how brazen Emily has become, you remain speechless.
Me: 	(Did this happen? Am I still dreaming?)
Me: 	Emily...
Emily:	Yes, Dennis?
Narr:	The look she gives you speaks of an unquenchable desire as she rubs your crotch.
Narr:	As you gaze at her glistening, emerald eyes, your cock gets rock hard.
Narr:	She feels you getting hard for her and a smile creeps on her face.
Me: 	Emily, someone could come here at any point.
Me: 	You... WE would be in a heap of trouble.
Emily:	There's nobody home, silly. We're all alone.
Me: 	Nobody's... We're alone?
Emily:	Yeah, Dennis, that's what I said. We are alone in the house.
Narr:	Your heart starts pounding as Emily's foot continues rubbing against your crotch.
Me: 	(I do like this new Emily, but what's gotten into her?)
Me: 	(She's never been this open... or this sexual...)
Me: 	That's... *pant*... convenient, isn't it?
Emily:	Mhm...
Me: 	(She's driving me wild. Emily is driving me wild!)
Narr:	It finally clicks that she must've been attracted to you all along. You were just blind to see it. 
Narr:	And, when opportunity arose, she acted upon it.
Narr:	Now, you finally see her with a newfound realization. She's beautiful.
    Narr:	Now, you finally see her with a newfound realization. She's beautiful.
        Me: 	Em... you're gorgeous.
        Emily:	You never told me that before.
        Emily:	You really mean it?
        Me: 	Yeah, I always thought so.
        Emily:	You'll have to prove it to me.
        Narr:	Emily slowly approaches you as your hard-on reaches new heights.
        Me: 	(Damn, this girl's got me so hard, I'm having trouble thinking straight.)
        noname:	Dennis! Emily!
        noname:	Can you come out for a minute?
        Emily:	Guess that's our cue to leave!
        Emily:	*Giggle* You coming?
        Me: 	I'll be out in a few, don't wait on me.
        Emily:	Okay, see ya outside then.
        Narr:	Your blank stare can hardly convey how you're feeling as you rewind what just happened.
        Me: 	I need another fucking shower.
        Narr:	She is gorgeous, but you've grown tired of her games.
        Me: 	Em...
        Narr:	You take her foot, which is still rubbing your crotch, and, with a heavy heart, move it away.
        Me: 	I know all of this is some kind of a game to you, but...
        Emily:	"Game?" Seems I'm not the only one playing games, Dennis.
        Emily:	It's like no matter what I do, it doesn't mean anything! You're not taking me seriously.
        Me: 	It's just... sometimes you can act juvenile.
        Me: 	And, Emily, you matter to me.
        Narr:	Emily slowly approaches you with your hard-on still going strong.
        Narr:	She leans so close you almost get overpowered by that sweet smell of hers.
        Emily:	*Whispers* You'll have to prove it to me.
        noname:	Dennis! Emily!
        noname:	Can you come out for a minute?
        Emily:	Guess that's our cue to leave.
        Emily:	You coming?
        Me: 	I'll be out in a few, don't wait on me.
        Emily:	Okay, see you outside then.
        Narr:	Your blank stare can hardly convey how you feel as you rewind what just happened.
        Me: 	I need another fucking shower.
Eve:	Glad you joined us, Dennis. Did you sleep well?
Me: 	Yea', sorry about that. Woke up a bit late and was about to finish my breakfast.
Emily:	It would be a real shame to leave something unfinished.
Eve:	Now that you're both here, let me tell you the schedule for today and what is expected of you.
Eve:	As you know, we're having an eclipse viewing party tonight.
Eve:	The news said it was gonna be a rare sight indeed, since it's going to be a midnight solar eclipse.
Narr:	Your mind flashes with images of dreams you had during the previous nights... Unease growing inside you.
Me: 	(Not a regular eclipse either. Paired with that bizarre dream I had...)
Me: 	Sorry, what? A... midnight solar eclipse?
Me: 	How does that even make sense?
Emily:	A midnight solar eclipse takes place when the sun, moon, and Earth are not exactly lined up.
Emily:	It's not a total eclipse, but a partial one.
Eve:	...
Me: 	...
Emily:	What? I watch a lot of documentaries.
Eve:	As I was saying, it's gonna be a rare sight.
Eve:	Kiara already went to town to get some supplies since we're all gonna need special glasses.
Eve:	Safety of our attendees is our number one priority.
Eve:	She'll also buy groceries for tonight. I was thinking about some quick and easy snacks, such as tortilla wraps.
Me: 	That sounds great!
Me: 	(At least it's not sandwiches...)
Emily:	I love me some tortilla wraps!
Eve:	I expect the two of you to be ready to jump in and help where needed, be that with the girls, food or anything else.
Eve:	Is that clear?
Me: 	Of course, Eve, you can...
Emily:	Count on us! We're so great together, we finish each other's sentences!
Narr:	With a sly smile, an ever-teasing Emily winks at you.
Narr:	You somehow manage to retain your composure.
Me: 	(She's incorrigible. But, I gotta admit, she's slowly getting under my skin.)
Me: 	Yes, Eve, you can count on us.
Eve:	I'm glad to hear that.
Eve:	Since some of you were sleeping, I informed the girls about our plan.
Eve:	But, I was an early bird and woke them all up.
Eve:	Most of them returned to bed afterwards, so you should go check up on them and bring them to the Community area.
Narr:	As Eve is giving her speech, you glance at Emily. You catch her eye and she smiles at you.
Narr:	And then, she wiggles her tongue at you!
Me: 	(It's gonna be a long day...)
Eve:	It's still early, so there's no need to rush them.
Eve:	Just let them know and wait for them to get ready.
Me: 	(Knowing them, they're probably still asleep.)
Me: 	Sure thing, we'll get going then.
Narr:	Before you can go, Eve stops you.
Eve:	Dennis, I would like to see you in my office. When you'll have the time, of course.
Narr:	Emily is looking at you, impatiently.
Emily:	Are we going, slowpoke?
Me: 	(I could go with Emily and check on the girls.)
Me: 	(Or I could go and see what Eve needs to see me about.)
        Emily:	Aaaand? You're gonna keep me company or what?
        Narr:	Emily is still being flirtatious and you're still processing what happened in the morning.
        Narr:	You join her, maybe out of boredom or something else. Does it even matter at this point?
        Me: 	Yeah, yeah, I'm coming with you.
        Emily:	Yay!
        Me: 	Em?
        Emily:	Yes, Dennis?
        Narr:	You struggle to find the appropriate words to give voice to all the feelings that arose between you this morning.
        Me: 	About this morning...
        Emily:	What about it?
        Me: 	(She's fucking with me, right? She wants ME to say it.)
        Narr:	Emily quickens her pace as she twirls playfully.
        Narr:	She sits on a bench along the way.
        Narr:	With a gesture, she invites you to sit beside her.
        Me: 	Emily, we don't have time for this.
        Narr:	Your protest is soon dispelled as she smiles at you.
        Me: 	We actually don't have time for this, you know...
        Emily:	C'mon, just for a minute.
        Me: 	(What is she up to now?)
            Emily:	Remember when we had that bet?
            Emily:	The one where, if you finish all your chores before afternoon, I'll owe you a favor that you can cash in at any time.
            Emily:	But, if you lose, you'll have to do whatever I want.
                Me: 	Of course I remember. I won.
                Emily:	And you reserved the right to a favor, redeemable at any time.
                Me: 	That I still haven't cashed in.
                Me: 	(Where is she going with this?)
                Emily:	The thing I'm trying to say is...
                Emily:	I want to stay in your good graces so you aren't too harsh on me.
                Emily:	(And I'm willing to go to great lengths, just so you would notice me.)
                Me: 	...
                Me: 	I'll... I'll take that into consideration.
                Emily:	You might think I've forgotten, but I haven't.
                Me: 	Mhm... (Oh shit.)
                Emily:	You did almost everything. Everything except fixing the roof of Cabin 1.
                Emily:	And, worst of all... *smiles* you thought you could get away with it.
                Me: 	It completely slipped my mind.
                Emily:	Good thing I'm not as forgetful then.
                Emily:	(About what I want...)
                Emily:	I'll let you know when I think of something.
                Me: 	(Great, can't wait...)
            Emily:	You promised me we would hang out more.
            Emily:	But it feels like I'm always the one running after you and asking you to spend time with me.
            Emily:	(Even though you got hard for me.)
            Emily:	You are always busy with other things... and not me.
            Emily:	I mean, you never spend time with me.
            Emily:	And I'm so tired of waiting.
            Me: 	You're right, Em. I should've spent more time with you.
            Me: 	But, it's not too late to make up for lost time, you know?
        Me: 	It's best we get going now.
        Emily:	Yeah, let's.
        Narr:	She seems pleased by your conversation and continues twirling down the path as you walk together.
        Narr:	You can see her smiling out the corner of your eye.
        Narr:	As you arrive, an all familiar sight replays before your eyes.
        Emily:	*Deep inhale*
        Emily:	GOOOOOOOOD MOOOOOORNING, CHICAAAAS!!!
        Emily:	WAKEY WAAAAKEY!!!
        Narr:	But, this time, the girls don't emerge from their cabins.
        Emily:	Hmm.
        Narr:	Emily takes a deep breath, readying herself for the second round.
        Me: 	Emily, don't. They're probably still asleep. I'd rather not wake them up like that.
        Me: 	Also, look! Violet is already doing her morning routine on the dock.
        Emily:	*Yells* Violet!
        Me: 	Haha, go check on her if you want, I'll go wake up others.
        Emily:	Okay, meet you back here when they're all up.
        Narr:	Emily hurries toward the dock with unmatched speed and you're presented with a choice.
        Me: 	(Hmm... I could go and check on the girls, make sure they're up and getting ready?)
        Me: 	(Or join Emily and Violet on the dock?)
            Me: 	(Or I could go and see what Eve needs to see me about.)
                Me: 	(I better go and wake the girls up if they're asleep. Eve won't like it if we're tardy.)
                    Me: 	(Where to go, where to go?)
                    Me: 	(Naomi's getting ready, best I leave her to it.)
                    Me: 	(I'm not gonna rush them. Stacy still looks distressed by the dream she had and Belle is taking care of her.)
                            Me: 	(I better go and wake the girls up if they're asleep. Eve won't like it if we're tardy.)
                            Me: 	(Where to go, where to go?)
                            Me: 	(I'm not gonna rush them. Stacy still looks distressed by the dream she had and Belle is taking care of her.)
                        Me: 	(If Violet's on the dock, Naomi's alone in their cabin.)
                        Me: 	(She's probably still asleep.)
                        Me: 	(Naomi's definitely less of a handful then Stacy or Belle... Especially Belle.)
                            Me: 	(Stacy... I'm not ready to open that can of worms yet.)
                            Me: 	(Best I go see Naomi first. Who knows what I might stumble upon in Cabin 2.)
                        Narr:	You knock, hoping it will wake Naomi up.
                        Narr:	She stirs in her bed, but yeah, she's still sound asleep.
                        Narr:	You'll have to take a more direct approach.
                        Me: 	(Oh well, I'm going in.)
                        Me: 	(It's almost a shame I have to wake her up. She looks to be blissfully asleep.)
                        Me: 	Naomi...?
                        Naomi:	Mmmm...
                        Me: 	Morning, beautiful.
                        Me: 	How'd you sleep?
                            Naomi:	It would be an understatement to say I had a rough night.
                            Me: 	It was rough?
                            Naomi:	*Smiles* Just the right amount.
                            Me: 	Right amount sounds just about... right.
                            Naomi:	*Laughs* Oh my god, Dennis, I really get you flustered, huh?
                            Narr:	The silk caresses her porcelain skin, gliding seamlessly across it.
                            Narr:	You can't help admiring her, and she knows it.
                            Naomi:	You're here because you can't get enough of me, huh?
                            Naomi:	Or because of some other unbelievable reason?
                            Naomi:	*Stretches* Goood.
                            Naomi:	Violet went for her nightly walk, and I sat on the cabin stairs and looked at the lake before going to bed.
                            Me: 	Had a stare down with the Lady of the Lights?
                            Naomi:	*Chuckles*
                            Naomi:	I often find inspiration in those tranquil moments.
                            Naomi:	The best ideas come to me when I'm unburdened by everyday's issues.
                            Naomi:	But, why are you here, Dennis?
                            Naomi:	Came here to deliver me a wake up call?
                        Me: 	You didn't hear Emily yelling outside? On several occasions?
                        Me: 	We're supposed to get you up, and you're supposed to meet with Eve at the Community area.
                        Naomi:	Oh, what is it now?
                        Me: 	Wasn't she here earlier?
                        Naomi:	Oh, I was asleep when she came by. I bet Violet knows what she said.
                        Me: 	Well, I have to bring all of you to the Community area.
                        Naomi:	It's probably another session. Or, even worse, a group activity.
                        Me: 	I thought you were getting more open to those. At least, you were, back when we were telling campfire stories.
                        Naomi:	That was different. I was in my element and excited to share a story I had.
                        Naomi:	But, Red Rover? Bleh...
                        Me: 	I really doubt it's something like that. Eve's not one to rehash activities.
                        Naomi:	What about having sandwiches as almost every meal of the day?
                        Me: 	Haha, okay, you got me there.
                        Me: 	But I assure you, today we'll have something different on the menu.
                        Naomi:	Change is good, don't you agree, Dennis?
                        Me: 	Change is not something we should be afraid of, even though it can be terrifying. We're talking about the menu here...
                        Naomi:	I think I've changed...that being here, in the camp, changed me.
                        Me: 	(Strange segue, but let's see where she's going with this.)
                        Naomi:	You've been a big help, I'll admit that.
                        Naomi:	Do you think I've changed?
                            Me: 	I believe it's time for you to change into some clothes.
                            Me: 	I'd rather not keep Eve waiting.
                            Me: 	We can always talk about it later?
                            Naomi:	(I know I should be livid that he's talking to me like this, but I'm not. Hmm, guess I did change.)
                            Naomi:	Sure thing, Dennis, if we have time.
                            Me: 	Naomi... I think you've finally shown me the real you over the past couple of days.
                            Me: 	And I very much like the Naomi I've come to know.
                            Naomi:	*Blushes*
                            Me: 	When you first arrived, you acted spoiled and arrogant.
                            Me: 	Do you remember the first thing you said to me?
                            Naomi:	Haha yeah, that you're kinda hot.
                            Naomi:	And I even mistook you for a patient here.
                            Me: 	You didn't just want my attention. You wanted everyone to pay attention to you.
                            Me: 	And then you were incredibly rude to Violet.
                            Naomi:	I remember... I was cruel to her on several occasions.
                            Naomi:	Not to mention when we just started to be roomies.
                            Naomi:	But, we talked and we've made amends. I would even call her a friend now.
                            Me: 	See? You don't have to wonder whether you've changed, you did!
                            Me: 	Old Naomi wouldn't give Violet a second glance.
                            Naomi:	That's true. She's not really the kind of person I usually associate with.
                            Naomi:	Even though it was hard to believe when we first met, you helped me realize how wrong I could be.
                            Naomi:	Not just about Violet. Other things, too.
                            Me: 	What other things?
                            Naomi:	About my parents, I guess. Particularly, my mom.
                            Naomi:	I know I said some things about her, things that I shouldn't have said.
                            Naomi:	I hated her. Hated how she treated my dad...and how she treated me.
                            Me: 	It's good you recognize those feelings and voice them.
                            Naomi:	I'm telling you this because I trust you, Dennis. Not because I need therapy advice.
                            Naomi:	Leave that to Dr. Eve.
                            Me: 	(Ouch.)
                            Naomi:	You've been here for me in more ways than one.
                            Naomi:	And I appreciate it.
                            Naomi:	Thanks for sticking with me. I know I was a queen beetch sometimes.
                            Me: 	Who, you? Never.
                            Naomi:	I've started writing stories, you know?
                            Me: 	Isn't that something you've been doing for some time now?
                            Me: 	Writing, that is?
                            Naomi:	I have, but I never thought of it as something serious.
                            Naomi:	But, this camp has been... inspiring.
                            Me: 	That's one way to describe it.
                            Naomi:	No, really, it has.
                            Naomi:	Our daily routine can sometimes be so mundane and boring that I often find myself drifting away.
                            Naomi:	And getting lost in my imagination and ideas.
                            Naomi:	So I decided to write some of them down.
                            Me: 	Oh, you started writing a book?
                            Naomi:	A collection of short stories.
                            Naomi:	It's gonna be called "Red Falls".
                            Me: 	Gotta say, the title has a ring to it.
                            Naomi:	*Laughs*
                            Me: 	*Laughs*
                            Narr:	Her touch sends jolts of excitement throughout your body. The way she touches you, the way she looks at you...
                            Narr:	It's different. She's different.
                            Narr:	She's as beautiful as ever, but she carries herself differently.
                            Narr:	Unlike before, the confidence she's displaying now feels authentic. Naomi is being real with you. Honest and open.
                            Narr:	And she wants you. As much as you want her.
                            Narr:	You graze her glossy lips with yours and settle on them for a few seconds, planting small kisses.
                            Narr:	Her flower-scented perfume dominates the room as you breathe it in.
                            Narr:	She intertwines her fingers with yours and kisses you back.
                            Naomi:	You're quite the kisser.
                            Me: 	You know I can't resist your sweet lips.
                            Naomi:	Oh, stop it, Dennis!
                            Naomi:	*Muffled groan*
                            Narr:	While Naomi has her hands wrapped around you in a sweet embrace, you put yours on her slim waist.
                            Naomi:	Mmm, okay.
                            Naomi:	I like what you're thinking.
                            Me: 	And how would you know what I'm thinking?
                            Naomi:	You have a gorgeous woman on top of you.
                            Me: 	Mhm...
                            Naomi:	Is there any other train of thought you could be having right now?
                            Naomi:	I know I see only one way this could go down.
                            Me: 	Yeah?
                            Naomi:	*Smiles* A-ha.
                            Me: 	Am I on the right track?
                            Naomi:	We'll see... if you keep going...
                            Narr:	You gently squeeze her breast, running your fingers almost carelessly around her nipple. It gets hard really fast.
                            Naomi:	Mmmm... Impressive.
                            Naomi:	There's no use in leaving this on, then.
                            Narr:	Naomi surprises you with yet another one of her 180s and takes your shirt off!
                            Narr:	She then kisses your neck, hot breath lingering on your skin...
                            Narr:	And starts grinding on you. Hard.
                            Narr:	She is moving along the length of your cock, pausing for a moment each time she reaches the tip.
                            Narr:	Violet's lips, which had your cock in a tight grip, soften, evidently satisfied.
                            Narr:	Without a second thought, you pull her closer to you.
                            Naomi:	Ohh.
                            Naomi:	Impatient, are we?
                            Naomi:	Mmm.
                            Naomi:	Ahh, mmm.
                            Narr:	You suck on her nipple, your tongue dancing around it, savoring how sweet she tastes.
                            Naomi:	*Soft moan*
                            Naomi:	Oooh, Dennis.
                            Narr:	She buries her head in your neck, kissing you and grinding on you harder as you suck on her nipples.
                            Naomi:	*Breathing low* Uuuuh.
                            Naomi:	This feels so good.
                            Naomi:	Mmm.
                            Me: 	I love how you taste, Naomi.
                            Narr:	As Naomi sits down on your rock-hard erection, still grinding on you and feeling you up, a wide smile appears on her face.
                            Naomi:	Ooh, mmm.
                            Naomi:	Someone's eager.
                            Me: 	Very much.
                            Naomi:	Are these turning you on?
                            Me: 	A pair of beautifully shaped, delicious tasting tits?
                            Me: 	You turn me on Naomi.
                            Me: 	You're stunning. I can't get enough of you.
                            Naomi:	Stunning, huh?
                            Naomi:	I believe those compliments, and your dedication to me, deserve a knighthood.
                            Me: 	I'm ready to be knighted...
                            Naomi:	Mmm.
                            Narr:	She applies pressure on your shaft, sending tingling sensations down your legs.
                            Me: 	*Low groan* Ahh, Naomi.
                            Me: 	Just...
                            Me: 	Uhhh.
                            Narr:	Naomi hungrily gazes at your member, radiating pure passion and hunger.
                            Narr:	Her soft yet decisive strokes become faster and faster.
                            Me: 	Ahhh, this... This feels amazing.
                            Naomi:	Shh, just enjoy it.
                            Me: 	Ohhh.
                            Naomi:	*Slurp*
                            Naomi:	*Suck*
                            Me: 	Oooh, fuck!
                            Me: 	Aahh.
                            Narr:	Your heart is about to jump out of your chest seeing how eagerly Naomi is sucking you off.
                            Naomi:	*Soft breath* Mmm.
                            Me: 	Oh god, Naomi.
                            Me: 	*Low grunt* Mmm.
                            Naomi:	I love how you feel in my mouth.
                            Me: 	I love how your mouth feels.
                            Me: 	Damn...
                            Me: 	Keep on doing that and you'll make me cum really fast.
                                Naomi:	*Smiles* I see nothing wrong with that.
                                Me: 	Oh shit!
                                Me: 	Mmph... Fuck...
                                Me: 	*Grunt*
                                Naomi:	*Slurp*
                                Naomi:	Mmmm..
                                Me: 	*Pant*
                                Naomi:	I wanna feel you deep inside my mouth.
                                Naomi:	Your whole length and girth.
                                Naomi:	All of you...
                                Narr:	She prompts you to stand up, your cock twitching in anticipation.
                                Narr:	And, as she's slowly swallowing your length, she grabs your hips and pushes you deeper into her mouth.
                                Me: 	Fuuuuuuck...
                                Naomi:	Hnnnnghhh.
                                Narr:	She looks up, her gray eyes meeting yours.
                                Me: 	*Pant* You're so fucking beautiful, sucking on my cock.
                                Naomi:	Mmmhmmm.
                                Me: 	It feels so good, being so deep in your warm mouth.
                                Naomi:	*Gasp*
                                Narr:	Naomi gasps for air, a thin trail of saliva still lingering on her lips.
                                Me: 	Naomi, you okay?
                                Naomi:	*Pant* Yeah... You're so big...
                                Me: 	We can stop if you wanna.
                                Naomi:	I don't ever wanna stop. I need to feel you more!
                                Me: 	*Smiles* You're spoiling me, Naomi.
                                Me: 	Yea', that's it...
                                Me: 	You feel so... *thrusts* good!
                                Narr:	With Naomi's hands now free, she starts pleasuring herself, heaving from the pleasure of having your cock in her mouth.
                                Narr:	She fingers herself, her delicate fingers burrowing deep.
                                Me: 	Fuck, you're so hot.
                                Me: 	Just looking at you... It's making it hard for me not to cum.
                                Naomi:	Cum for me, Dennis.
                                Naomi:	Let me have a taste.
                                Narr:	Naomi resumes sucking you off with ravenous zeal, every now and then deep throating you.
                                Narr:	You struggle to prolong the pleasure and delay the inevitable.
                                Me: 	*Grunt*
                                Me: 	Fuuuck!
                                Narr:	But, you can't hold it in anymore and you release your huge load inside Naomi's mouth.
                                Narr:	She takes it all, sucking every last drop, until your cock stops twitching inside her mouth.
                                Me: 	Hnnnn..
                                Naomi:	*Gulp*
                                Me: 	Uhhh. Fuuck...
                                Me: 	And I still wanna see that "killer" pussy of yours.
                                Naomi:	What are you waiting for then?
                                Me: 	I do have something in mind.
                                Narr:	In this position, Naomi is able to fit more of your length in her mouth and does that with increased vigor.
                                Narr:	You're buried deep in Naomi's ass, and, as you're licking her pussy, you feel her shaking slightly, approaching orgasm.
                                Me: 	*Lick* *Lick*
                                Naomi:	*Sigh of pleasure*
                                Me: 	You taste like bliss, Naomi.
                                    Me: 	You taste like bliss, Naomi.
                                        Naomi:	Yes, yeees!
                                        Naomi:	Uhmm. *loud moan*
                                        Narr:	Slowly and steadily, you're finding your way to its center, working your tongue right on her sweet spot.
                                        Naomi:	Ohhh, Dennis.
                                        Naomi:	My god...
                                        Naomi:	Mmmm!
                                        Narr:	Encouraged, you start circling the outer edges of her pussy with your tongue, giving her a lick that envelops her whole pussy, every now and then.
                                        Naomi:	I'm--
                                        Naomi:	Really--
                                        Naomi:	Close.
                                        Naomi:	You?
                                        Me: 	Uhmm.
                                        Narr:	The grip on your shaft suddenly tightens as Naomi jerks you off and sucks on your tip vigorously.
                                        Narr:	She's swallowing more of your cock each time.
                                        Me: 	*Pant*
                                        Me: 	Ahhh.
                                        Naomi:	Ahhh!
                                        Naomi:	Oooh!
                                        Naomi:	Don't... stop...
                                        Naomi:	Aahhh!
                                        Narr:	Naomi reaches her climax, jerking you off and sucking on your tip with incredible pressure.
                                        Narr:	You're about to blow as she starts to shake, almost violently, burying your face deeper into her pussy in the process.
                                            Narr:	You're about to blow as she starts to shake, almost violently, burying your face deeper into her pussy in the process.
                                        Naomi:	*Gasp*
                                        Naomi:	Dennis! Hgnhhhh...
                                        Narr:	You both experience further regions of ecstasy, your tongue circling around her hole, then going deep.
                                        Narr:	Your combined moans and grunts fuse into a beautiful symphony of pleasure.
                                        Naomi:	Yes, yeees!
                                        Naomi:	Uhmm. *loud moan*
                                        Naomi:	Ohhh, Dennis.
                                        Me: 	*Pant*
                                        Me: 	Ahhh.
                                        Naomi:	Mmmm!
                                        Naomi:	I'm--
                                        Naomi:	Really--
                                        Naomi:	Close.
                                        Narr:	The grip on your shaft suddenly tightens as Naomi jerks you off and sucks on your tip vigorously.
                                        Narr:	She's swallowing more of your cock each time.
                                        Me: 	*Grunt* Uhmm.
                                        Naomi:	Ahhh!
                                        Naomi:	Oooh!
                                        Naomi:	Don't... stop...
                                        Naomi:	Aahhh!
                                        Narr:	Naomi reaches her climax, jerking you off and sucking on your tip with incredible pressure.
                                        Narr:	You're about to blow as she starts to shake, almost violently, burying your face deeper into her pussy in the process.
                                            Narr:	You're about to blow as she starts to shake, almost violently, burying your face deeper into her pussy in the process.
                            Naomi:	That was... Oh my god...
                            Me: 	Glad I could be of service to you, my lady.
                            Narr:	She props herself up on one elbow and just looks at you.
                            Narr:	She is so close, you can hear her shallow breath and feel her racing heart against your ribs.
                            Me: 	(She's so beautiful.)
                            Naomi:	I've never been like this before, you know?
                            Me: 	What do you mean?
                            Naomi:	I mean... I'm used to finer things in life and being served things on a "silver platter."
                            Naomi:	This was the first time in... forever, that I've put myself second.
                            Naomi:	It's you, Dennis.
                            Naomi:	*Smiles* It's funny...
                            Me: 	What is?
                            Naomi:	When I first came to camp, I hated it, and I found joy only in teasing you.
                            Me: 	Like I could forget. You were ruthless.
                            Naomi:	Well, I consider that one of my qualities. But, yeah, it was fun messing with you.
                            Naomi:	And, along the way, I've actually warmed up to you.
                            Naomi:	You showed interest in my past, my interests, even my writing.
                            Naomi:	I almost forgot how it feels when someone genuinely cares about you...
                            Naomi:	It's refreshing.
                            Narr:	You both lie still, enjoying the moment. Time passes and you realize...
                            Me: 	Oh shit, we're supposed to get back to the house. Eve needs to see you all.
                            Naomi:	Now?
                            Me: 	Yes, now! Sorry, but we better hurry.
                            Naomi:	Okay, okay, give me a minute to freshen up and get dressed. Then, we'll get going.
                            Me: 	(I better go and wake the girls up if they're asleep. Eve won't like it if we're tardy.)
                            Me: 	(Where to go, where to go?)
                            Me: 	(Naomi's getting ready, best I leave her to it.)
                        Me: 	(With Violet on the dock, Naomi is probably taking the opportunity to catch more shut-eye. I better leave her to it.)
                        Me: 	(But, I should probably go and check on Stacy and Belle.)
                        Stacy:	M-my Ashen Prince.
                        Me: 	(She was distraught the whole day yesterday.)
                        Me: 	(She can't be sleeping soundly. I know I'm not.)
                        Me: 	(Where's Stacy?! I walked her all the way back last night!)
                        Narr:	Before you completely and unjustifiably surrender to panic, your eyes drift toward Belle's bed.
                        Narr:	And there they are. Stacy and Belle are sharing the bed.
                        Narr:	They both seem to be sound asleep as Belle holds Stacy in a tender embrace.
                        Me: 	(Did they have sex?)
                        Me: 	(Belle did say she was going to make it up to Stacy... She probably meant like this.)
                        Me: 	(So, once I walked her back, Belle must have sprung up on her...)
                            Narr:	You remember how Belle snuck into your room last night.
                            Me: 	(How insatiable can one be? After being with me, she was with Stacy?)
                            Me: 	(And I know Stacy has a thing for Belle.)
                            Narr:	Your mind starts racing, images of Stacy and Belle together running through your mind.
                            Narr:	You know how both of them can be, and they make for one hot pairing.
                            Me: 	(Wouldn't mind being caught in between that sandwich.)
                        Me: 	(But, how did they hide from Eve when she came to see them this morning?)
                        Me: 	(Doesn't matter, they've had their fun. It's time to wake them and get them up to speed.)
                        Me: 	Good morning, chicas!
                        Narr:	You flinch as you realize what you just said.
                        Me: 	(Oh my god, did I just pull an Emily?)
                        Belle:	Oh, hey, handsome. Came to join us?
                        Narr:	With a mischievous smile, Belle runs her slender fingers across Stacy's arm.
                        Narr:	You're almost tempted by the offer.
                        Me: 	Eve was here earlier and told you about today's schedule, right?
                        Belle:	Oh, right, she did say something.
                        Belle:	But I didn't pay attention to what she was going on about.
                        Belle:	She's looking quite tasty today, don't you agree, Dennis?
                        Narr:	Yes, yes she is.
                        Me: 	Not even gonna dignify that with a response.
                        Belle:	*Smiles* But, you just did.
                        Narr:	Your back-and-forth bickering wakes Stacy up.
                        Stacy:	Ashen... Prince?
                        Narr:	Belle's demeanor suddenly changes. She embraces Stacy and lulls her back to sleep as she slowly awakens.
                        Belle:	Shhh, it's okay, Stacy. Dennis came to see how you're doing.
                        Belle:	He was also concerned about you.
                        Me: 	(How would she know that?)
                        Me: 	*Whispers* What happened?
                        Stacy:	Mhmhmhmm...
                            Belle:	After our "experience", I returned to the cabin. Stacy wasn't there.
                            Me: 	Yes, I know. I saw her wandering around the campground and walked her back here.
                            Belle:	And you didn't stop to say hi? A real shame, Dennis. Maybe we could've had more fun.
                            Me: 	Belle, you're deviating from what happened.
                            Belle:	You know me, I'm a deviant.
                            Belle:	After you escorted her here, I apologized for my behavior and then we went to sleep.
                            Belle:	I decided to spend some alone time in the cabin. Since you were preoccupied.
                            Belle:	Stacy vanished after she got mad at me and Naomi.
                            Belle:	And she did not return until later in the night.
                            Me: 	I saw her wandering around the campground and walked her back here.
                            Belle:	Dennis, you surprise me. You're such a gentleman, sometimes.
                            Belle:	Hope I get that kind of treatment one of these days...
                            Me: 	Only if you behave. What happened after she came back?
                            Belle:	I apologized for being a bitch to her and then we went to sleep.
                        Stacy:	*Murmurs* Where fire once fed, I may send it to feed again...
                        Me: 	Well, that's not ominous or anything...
                        Belle:	Stacy, wake up! You're having nightmares again.
                        Me: 	(So, Stacy had another bad dream? So did I... What's going on here?)
                        Narr:	Stacy's eyes spring open and she lets out a scream!
                        Stacy:	Charred Kings demand their tribute!!
                        Narr:	Stacy jumps out of their bed, a look of shock written on her face.
                        Belle:	*Comforting* It's okay... Everything is okay...
                        Belle:	You're okay.
                        Me: 	Stacy, you're safe, it was just a bad dream.
                        Stacy:	Dennis... I saw you. In my... In my dream.
                        Narr:	A sense of foreboding hits you like a punch to the gut.
                        Stacy:	I... I can't...
                        Me: 	Here, drink some water.
                        Narr:	Stacy drinks voraciously, almost like she's trying to cool the fire raging inside of her.
                        Narr:	In a moment, she empties the whole bottle.
                        Stacy:	*Gasp* I needed that, thanks.
                        Narr:	You and Belle gather around Stacy, offering comfort and giving her time to find her bearings.
                        Stacy:	Thank you for allowing me to share the warmth of your bed, Belle. It made the tormenting voices quiet down.
                        Me: 	(So, those two didn't...? Stacy had a nightmare and found comfort in Belle.)
                        Me: 	(Tormenting voices, though?!)
                        Me: 	(Could it be that Stacy is suffering from parasomnia? Night terrors? Wonder if Eve caught that during Stacy's sessions.)
                        Belle:	It's no problem, babe. I'm glad you're feeling better.
                        Me: 	We're both glad you're feeling better.
                        Me: 	Do you remember what the dream was about?
                        Stacy:	Only snippets, I think?
                        Me: 	I don't wanna pressure you into remembering it right now. But, if you do, please come see me.
                        Me: 	(It would be better if she talked with Eve about it, but I need to find out if there's any connection between our dreams.)
                        Stacy:	Okay.
                        Me: 	Also, not to rush you or anything, but Eve wants to see you all at the Community area.
                        Me: 	So, when you feel ready, Emily and I will be waiting for all of you outside.
                        Belle:	We'll be out as soon as we're ready.
                        Me: 	Also, not to rush you or anything, but Eve wants to see you all at the Community area.
                        Me: 	So, when you feel ready, Emily and I will be waiting for all of you outside.
                        Narr:	If you get the chance, that is.
                Me: 	(I'll give them a couple more minutes of beauty sleep. Let's see what Emily and Violet are up to.)
                    Narr:	The sounds of laughter emanate from the dock. That crescendo could mean only one thing. Emily's at it again.
                    Narr:	Even from far away, you can tell Violet is doing her best to keep her game face on.
                    Narr:	But, even she can't stop herself from cracking a smile at Emily's shenanigans.
                    Emily:	...are you kitten me right meow? Cat hiss ridiculous.
                    Violet:	*Tries to hold in laugh*
                    Violet:	Hahahahaahahaaha!
                    Narr:	When you come to the dock, Violet is crying of laughter. Emily notices you and gives you a wink.
                    Me: 	Hi, ladies. What's so funny?
                    Violet:	That... that's gold... haha!
                    Emily:	It seems I'm a comedic genius.
                    Me: 	I've been known to crack some good jokes now and then, too.
                    Emily:	Oh, do tell one, Dennis.
                    Narr:	Now's your chance. Knock it out of the park with a great joke!
                        Me: 	Hmm, okay...
                        Me: 	A man walks into a pet shop and asks for a dozen bees.
                        Me: 	The clerk carefully counts 13 bees out onto the counter.
                        Me: 	"That's one too many!", says the customer.
                        Me: 	The clerk replies, "That one is a freebie".
                        Emily:	...
                        Violet:	...
                        Narr:	...
                        svi:	Ahahahaha!
                        Violet:	Stop it, haha, I can't anymore, ahaha!
                        Emily:	Hahaha, that's so lame, Dennis.
                        Me: 	It might be lame, but I still got a laugh out of you.
                        Me: 	Umm... Well, have you heard that one joke about paper towels?
                        Emily:	No...?
                        Me: 	Never mind, it's TEARABLE!
                        Emily:	...
                        Violet:	...
                        Narr:	...
                        Me: 	Get it? Like... you can tear paper towels? No?
                        Narr:	Ouch. That one was so bad it even hurt me.
                        Violet:	Haha, I guess it's clever?
                        Emily:	Nope, that one isn't even getting a pity laugh out of me, sorry, Dennis.
                        Violet:	Oh, don't be mean, you put the poor guy on the spot.
                        Emily:	*Giggle* I like making him uncomfortable, he's cute when he's flustered.
                        Narr:	Now you really want to change the subject!
                    Me: 	Did you tell Violet about the plan for today?
                    Emily:	What plan? Oh, right!
                    Emily:	Eve wants to see you all at the Community area.
                    Violet:	She did come by early in the morning, said we were gonna meet up later.
                    Violet:	Do we have to go right now? Or do I have some time to finish my workout?
                    Me: 	Nah, the other girls are probably still asleep, so I don't see why you wouldn't have time.
                    Violet:	I know for a fact that Naomi still is.
                    Emily:	Can we join you? Maybe you could show us some exercises.
                        Me: 	(Working out with Violet again?)
                        Me: 	(It's not that I hate the idea, but we've proven I'm not as nimble as her.)
                        Violet:	Dennis already joined me for some exercise, hopefully he caught up on some of it.
                        Me: 	Weeeell...
                        Violet:	Would you like to show Emily some yoga poses?
                        Emily:	C'mon, Dennis, pleaaaseee!
                            Me: 	Maybe we could do the king dancer pose?
                            Violet:	Wow, you remembered the name of the pose, Dennis. I'm impressed.
                            Narr:	Violet's smile is really the best reward.
                            Me: 	You start by standing on one leg, bending the knee of the other...
                            Me: 	...and stretching it backwards in the form of a scorpion tail until you can grab your foot with your hands.
                            Violet:	Just don't pull something again!
                            Narr:	There's a reason you're not showing the two-legged inverted staff pose.
                            Emily:	Like...*straining*...this?
                            Violet:	Not bad Emily! Lemme just adjust your posture a bit.
                            Narr:	With tender care, Violet adjusts Emily's pose.
                            Narr:	She gently raises her head, chin up, as their eyes meet. They smile at each other.
                            Narr:	Then she goes and holds her outstretched leg, gently moving it into a better position.
                            Narr:	Even though Violet's grip appears to be firm, there's a tenderness to her touch.
                            Narr:	Are you seeing this?
                            Violet:	There! Now it's almost flawless. Great job, Em!
                            Emily:	*Straining* Thanks, Vi.
                            Emily:	How do we look, Dennis?
                            Me: 	(They both look incredibly flexible. This pose really tickles the imagination.)
                            Me: 	Errr, you both look great. Think you did much better than I did the first time.
                            Me: 	(I think I remember this one.)
                            Me: 	So first you have to go into a long lunge...
                            Me: 	... and then stabilize your core and raise your arms above your head, palms touching.
                            Narr:	Violet smiles at you, clearly proud that she managed to imprint some yoga knowledge onto you.
                            voice:	voice/e9g2Continuation_fc712cb7.mp3
                            Emily:	Like...*straining*...this?
                            Violet:	Not bad, Emily! Let me just adjust your posture a bit.
                            Narr:	Violet is measured in how she touches Emily. She puts her hands on Emily's waist, correcting her pose.
                            Narr:	She gently raises her head, chin up, as their eyes meet. They smile at each other.
                            Narr:	Are you seeing this?
                            Violet:	You're doing great, Em! Now just keep that pose and grab the back of your head with your left arm and stretch.
                            Violet:	Like this!
                            Narr:	You remember this.
                            Me: 	(Oh shit, I remember this.)
                            Narr:	But, unlike you, Emily does it with ease.
                            voice:	voice/e9g2Continuation_e8ffb4ce.mp3
                            Emily:	How do we look, Dennis?
                            Me: 	(You both look incredibly delicious.)
                            Me: 	Errr, you both look great. Think you did much better than I did the first time.
                        Narr:	You can see Naomi emerging from her cabin, signaling the end of your workout.
                        Narr:	Stacy and Belle are still in their cabin.
                        Narr:	But it's time to gather at the campground and be on your way. Eve's not keen on being kept waiting.
                        Me: 	Think this is enough workout for now. We better get going.
                        Emily:	This was so much fun, thanks for letting us join you, Violet!
                        Violet:	Hey, no problem. I'm glad you had fun! And I'm glad Dennis joined us.
                        Narr:	She blushes, but not in discomfort. She's really glad you were there.
                        Violet:	I'll just go and take a quick shower, been working out since before you came.
                        Emily:	Meet you at the campground then! Byeeee!
                        Me: 	Just don't take too long, Violet.
                        Violet:	I'll try to make it quick.
                        Me: 	(I somehow managed to dodge every opportunity to work out with her.)
                        Me: 	(Maybe it wouldn't hurt if I gave it a try?)
                        Me: 	Yeah, that isn't that bad of an idea. We have time to spare.
                        Violet:	Great, I'm glad you finally changed your mind, Dennis.
                        Violet:	I have several poses I think you'll be more than capable of doing.
                        Emily:	Yay, can't wait to try them all!
                        Violet:	So, first you have to go into a long lunge like this...
                        Violet:	...then you stabilize your core and raise your arms above your head, with your palms touching.
                        Violet:	Great work, both of you! Really nice posture there.
                        Me: 	(This is easy.)
                        Narr:	Great, now you've jinxed it.
                        Violet:	Okay, the next one involves a handstand.
                        Me: 	(Handstand!?)
                        Violet:	Place your hands on the floor and lift your hips high.
                        Violet:	Tilt your torso forward, and then lift your heels toward your buttocks.
                        Emily:	Sounds easy enough.
                        Narr:	One should never confuse cockiness with confidence. It usually exacts a hefty price.
                        Violet:	Careful, Emily, it's not that easy of a pose.
                        Narr:	Emily's arms suddenly become wobbly, and she's about to fall down.
                        Emily:	Aaaaaaa!
                        Me: 	Emily!
                        Narr:	You barely manage to catch her. Catch being disputable.
                        Narr:	She lands ass first right into your lap.
                        Emily:	Dennis! You saved me!
                        Narr:	She's overselling it, that's for sure.
                        Narr:	But, the feel of her small, firm ass nestled in your lap is more than enough to get your blood flowing.
                        Me: 	(Shit, I'm getting hard.)
                        Narr:	Yes, you are. And she notices it.
                        Emily:	I see you're as happy as I am that you caught me.
                        Me: 	Yeah, don't mention it.
                        Me: 	(Literally, please don't mention it.)
                        Violet:	I think we should stick to some more basic poses next time.
                        Violet:	I don't know what I would've done if you had hurt yourself.
                        Emily:	Don't worry, Vi, Dennis was here so I didn't have a hard landing.
                        Narr:	She gives you a knowing glance. What is she thinking right now?
                        Narr:	Emily waves, seeing Naomi emerge from her cabin, meaning this is the end of your workout.
                        Narr:	Stacy and Belle are still a no-show, but it's time to gather at the campground and be on our way.
                        Narr:	Eve's not keen on being kept waiting.
                        Me: 	Think this is enough workout, for now. We better be on our way soon.
                        voice:	voice/e9g2Continuation_c991f805.mp3
                        Emily:	This was so much fun! Thanks for letting us join you, Violet!
                        Violet:	Hey, no problem. I'm glad you had fun. And I'm glad Dennis joined in as well!
                        Narr:	She blushes, but not in discomfort. She's really glad you were there.
                        Violet:	I'll just take a quick shower, been working out since before you came.
                        Emily:	Meet you at the campground then! Byeeee!
                        Me: 	Just don't take too long, Violet.
                        Violet:	I'll try to make it quick.
                    Narr:	As you near the dock, you can see Emily and Violet working out together.
                    Me: 	(I see Emily started working out with Violet.)
                    Me: 	(Maybe it will do her good, she needs to get rid of all that pent-up energy.)
                    Emily:	Hey, Dennis!
                    Violet:	We're just warming up, but you can join and do squats with us, if you wanna.
                    Me: 	It's okay, ladies, I'll just keep you company.
                    Emily:	Did you wake up the girls?
                        Me: 	Naomi was still sleeping, but I woke her up. She should be ready soon.
                        Violet:	Knowing Naomi, she has a tendency to lie in bed longer than needed.
                        Me: 	Now that you said it, she might have gone back to bed when I left.
                        Me: 	Stacy and Belle are awake. Though, they're still in bed.
                        Violet:	Bed? As in singular? Not beds?
                        Me: 	Yeah, Stacy had a bad dream, so Belle shared a bed with her.
                    Emily:	So we have a bit more time?
                    Me: 	I guess so. Doubt any of the girls are ready yet.
                    Violet:	Ready to continue our workout?
                    Emily:	Yup, what are we doing next?
                    Narr:	You sit beside them and can't do anything else but admire them.
                    Narr:	They're smiling, and it's clear they're enjoying the workout and each other's company.
                    Narr:	And they seem to take pleasure in you watching them.
                    Me: 	(I could sit here and just watch them for hours.)
                    Me: 	(Wonder if the other girls woke up already... Eh, we have time.)
                    Violet:	We could end it with a quick yoga routine, if you're up for it?
                    Emily:	Yeah, let's do it.
                    Violet:	This one is called Crane Pose.
                    Emily:	Crane pose? Why is it called that?
                    Emily:	I would sooner call it "Break-your-face Pose".
                    Violet:	Crane Pose was originally called Bakasana, and it's thought it resembles a crane wading in the water.
                    Violet:	Now you try!
                    Emily:	*Straining* Do I look like a crane, Dennis?
                    Me: 	You look really good.
                    Violet:	Great work, Emily! We worked up quite a sweat today.
                    Narr:	Now that she mentioned it, you notice how their smooth skin glistens, tiny droplets traveling along their bodies.
                    Narr:	Emily is still trying to catch her breath, breathing rapidly.
                    Narr:	They're both hot. In every sense of the word.
                    Narr:	Violet waves, seeing Naomi emerge from her cabin, meaning it's time to go.
                    Narr:	Stacy and Belle are still nowhere to be seen. But it's time to gather at the campground and get going.
                    Narr:	Eve's been waiting long enough.
                    Me: 	Think we better be on our way.
                    Emily:	This was so much fun, thanks for letting me join you, Violet!
                    Violet:	Don't mention it, I'm glad you had fun.
                    Violet:	I'll just go and take a quick shower, been working out since before you came.
                    Emily:	Meet you at the campground then. Byeeee!
                    Me: 	Just don't take too long, Violet.
                    Violet:	I'll try to make it quick.
                    Narr:	As you're nearing the dock, you can see Emily and Violet working out together. They're doing an interesting yoga pose.
                    Me: 	(I see Emily decided to work out with Violet.)
                    Me: 	(Maybe it's for the better, she needs to get rid of all that pent-up energy.)
                    Violet:	This one is called Crane Pose.
                    Emily:	*Straining* Crane Pose? Why is it called that?
                    Emily:	I would sooner call it "Break-your-face pose".
                    Violet:	Crane Pose is originally called Bakasana, and it's thought it resembles a crane wading in the water.
                    Emily:	Hmm... Don't know if we looked like cranes?
                    Emily:	How did we look, Dennis?
                    Me: 	You looked really good.
                    Emily:	Oh, did you wake the others? I lost track of time. Violet had so much to teach me!
                    Violet:	Yeah, we worked up quite a sweat.
                    Narr:	Now that she mentioned it, you notice how their smooth skin glistens, tiny droplets traveling along their bodies.
                    Narr:	They're still trying to catch their breath.
                    Narr:	They're hot. In every sense of the word.
                    Me: 	I've checked on all the girls. They're awake. They should be out soon and then we can go.
                    Violet:	Will I have time to take a quick shower?
                    Me: 	Sure, we'll be waiting at the campground.
        Violet:	I'll get freshened up and see you later.
        Violet:	Morning, Naomi!
        Naomi:	Oh, hi, Violet. Already done with your workout?
        Violet:	Yeah, I had to cut it short this time.
        Emily:	Hi, Naomi, you look great!
        Naomi:	Thanks, Emily, I feel great too.
        Me: 	(I see Naomi is back to her classic self.)
        Naomi:	Where's Stacy and Belle? They're usually already out.
        Me: 	Probably still in their cabin. We're gonna go see Eve as soon as they're ready.
            Naomi:	I just got out of bed and we already have to go?
            Me: 	Eve told you there are activities planned for today, didn't she?
            Naomi:	*Pouts* (It's always something.)
        Emily:	Morning, chicas!
        Narr:	Stacy and Belle still appear to be sleepy, Belle less so. She's always energized by the attention she gets.
        Me: 	Morning, ladies.
            Me: 	Feeling better, Stacy?
            Stacy:	Yeah, thanks to Belle. She provided sustenance and calmed the raging inferno.
            Me: 	(She sounds like she's back to her regular self. I'll consider that a good sign.)
        Belle:	A welcoming committee? For us?
        Belle:	You shouldn't have!
        Naomi:	(*Rolls eyes* This girl, oh my god...)
        Emily:	*Cheers*
        Me: 	(Belle never ceases to amaze with her antics.)
        Narr:	With everyone here and accounted for, you're finally ready to go and see Eve.
        Narr:	Or wait...
        Me: 	(We're all here except for Violet.)
        Narr:	Might be that Emily was right about the two of you, since she gives voice to your thoughts.
        Emily:	We're only missing Violet now. Should I go get her?
        Me: 	Knowing Eve (and with the headache she might develop), we shouldn't keep her waiting.
            Me: 	Knowing Eve (and with the headache she might develop), we shouldn't keep her waiting.
                Me: 	Go and get her, I'll go with the rest of the girls to the Community area. If you hurry, you might still be able to catch up.
                Emily:	Okay, I'll meet you at the Community area.
                Me: 	You go and accompany the girls to the Community area.
                Me: 	Knowing you two, you'll start an endless discussion and be more than what Eve considers to be fashionably late.
                Me: 	I'll go get her and join you.
                Emily:	Okay, catch you later then.
        Me: 	You know what, I'll go see what Eve needs me for.
        Emily:	*Disappointed* And just when I started thinking you were fun.
        Emily:	Guess it's gonna be only little ol' me with the girls.
        Narr:	And, just like that, Emily leaves.
        Narr:	But, as she does, she turns around and smiles at you.
        Me: 	(Well, that's it then. Nothing else but to go inside.)
        Me: 	(Eve just went in. I might have a look around the house before I go see her.)
        Narr:	You rarely shy away from an opportunity to explore. So, what'll it be?
        Narr:	As you enter the living room, you're greeted by a documentary running on the TV.
        Narr:	You notice a small stack of newspapers on the coffee table, while the window offers a nice view of the office.
                Me: 	Hmm... (Where should the search begin?)
Me: 	Someone's left the TV on.
Me: 	Huh...
Me: 	(Is no one worried about the electric bill around here?)
Me: 	(At least it's something interesting... Though, I can't say I'm much of a fan of animal documentaries.)
Me: 	(Emily probably left it on this morning.)
Me: 	(Her mind wandered in search of food and she took off.)
Me: 	Typical Emily.
Me: 	(There's no use leaving it on, since no one is watching it.)
Narr:	You see Eve in her office. She appears busy, but your gut tells you you shouldn't keep her waiting too long.
Me: 	"Apocalyptic warning over food prices."
Me: 	(No wonder we're eating so many sandwiches.)
Me: 	(Huh, some pages are missing.)
Me: 	("Heatwave hits hard")
Me: 	("Dolphins bade us so long and thanked for all the fish")
Me: 	("Water is best used for drinking")
Me: 	Reading newspapers is really outdated.
Narr:	Entering the kitchen, you see the aftermath of your encounter with Emily.
Narr:	You both left your breakfast bowls unfinished, almost as an omen.
Me: 	(Emily was... something else.)
Me: 	(And she got me so hard, and so fast...)
Narr:	Remembering this morning's event gets you hard again.
Me: 	(Dammit, need to focus on something else.)
Me: 	(I need to get out of this kitchen.)
Narr:	You approach Kiara's room, only to notice her door is slightly ajar.
Me: 	(Was she rushed out of bed by Eve? So she left her door open?)
Me: 	(And she still hasn't returned...)
Me: 	(Curiosity be damned, I'll take just a peek.)
Narr:	You carefully poke your head inside...
Narr:	...only to see a completely empty room.
Narr:	The room is in disarray - the bed is unmade and the desk is littered with papers.
Me: 	Hmm...
    Narr:	You notice that the picture, laptop and diary all mysteriously disappeared from the table.
    Me: 	(Diary's gone. She finally decided to hide it somewhere.)
    Me: 	(Laptop too. Why is she moving her stuff?)
    Me: 	(It probably has nothing to do with me...)
Me: 	(She was definitely sleeping in it.)
Me: 	(Didn't even have time to make her bed?)
Me: 	(But, even in such a state, that bed looks so comfy and inviting.)
Narr:	Looking under the bed, you notice that the rope and the blindfold are nowhere to be found.
Me: 	Forest Sucker, heh... (Feels like it happened ages ago.)
Me: 	(Just some random papers.)
        Me: 	(What are those?)
        Me: 	(She's looking for a new job?)
            Me: 	(So, this is where those missing pages went.)
            Me: 	(She's broadening her search. I mean, can't you just find a job online?)
            Me: 	(She was serious about it.)
            Me: 	(Has she been discussing it with Eve?)
            Me: 	(Wonder what Eve thinks about it. I could ask her when I see her.)
        Me: 	(I really don't feel like going through all these papers.)
Me: 	(I better make myself scarce before Kiara returns and finds me here.)
Me: 	(Emily's gone to check on the girls.)
Me: 	(Should I really be snooping around so much?)
    Me: 	(Should I really be snooping around so much?)
        Narr:	You shouldn't, but now you've reached the point of no return.
        Narr:	Now you have to commit to this.
        Narr:	Everything here screams Emily.
        Narr:	The room also has a sweet scent, reminiscent of her.
        Narr:	The books are neatly arranged on the bookshelf and the bed is made just as neatly.
        Narr:	You shouldn't, and, surprisingly, you decide against it.
        Narr:	This is so unlike you. You should be proud.
        Me: 	(I better not. I have a feeling I'll have my hands full with Emily.)
Me: 	Emily does have a strange collection of books.
Me: 	("Amphibians and reptiles - what's the difference?")
Me: 	("How to skip stones")
Me: 	(Hmm.. "Wicca - Magick of Nature")
Me: 	("The Magic Mountain"?)
    Me: 	Magic Mountain sounds familiar...
    Me: 	(I saw it written on the note I found under the pillow!)
    Narr:	You take a book from the shelf.
    Narr:	Opening it, you see that a sentence is underlined.
    Me: 	(Guess Emily's not as superficial as she seems.)
    Me: 	(I wonder if there's any deeper meaning to this...)
    Me: 	(She's tidy, I'll give her that,)
    Narr:	Emily's bed, so neatly made, is alluring. It almost sings a siren song, inviting you to experience its comfort.
    Me: 	(This bed is so much more comfortable than mine.)
    Narr:	You sit on the most comfortable bed you've ever sat on.
    Narr:	Pondering the terrible injustice, something buzzes beneath you and jolts you out of your comfort.
    Me: 	What's this?
    Me: 	(Must be Emily's phone.)
    Me: 	(She probably forgot about it when she was making the bed.)
    Me: 	(Dunno how she didn't realize it was missing.)
    Me: 	(I'd be lost without mine.)
    Me: 	Phew, it's here!
    Narr:	You absently look at the screen and see that Emily received a message from someone named Jessica.
    Me: 	(Heh, it's nice to see that Emily has friends that miss her.)
    Me: 	(What should I do with Emily's phone?)
        Me: 	(What should I do with Emily's phone?)
            Me: 	(I'm already in too deep.)
            Me: 	(Carpe diem, I guess...)
                Me: 	(It's only fair that I see Emily's photos since I've seen Eve's and Kiara's.)
                Me: 	(I've already seen Eve's photos.)
                Me: 	(It's only fair.)
                Me: 	(I've already seen Kiara's photos.)
                Me: 	(It's only fair.)
            Narr:	You browse through her phone, searching for something.
            Me: 	(Emily has become a beautiful young woman.)
            Narr:	And, to no one's surprise, especially not yours, you find it.
            Me: 	(Wow...)
            Me: 	(She's... hot.)
            Narr:	Looking at her pictures reawakens this morning's memory. And it's not the only thing that awakens.
            Me: 	(Great, now I have a hard-on again. This morning is really taking its toll on me.)
            Me: 	(I should stop while I'm ahead, I've intruded on her privacy more than enough.)
            Me: 	(I should return it to Emily, she's probably lost without it. I know I would be.)
Me: 	(I've seen enough, I better get going.)
Narr:	"There is a certain charm about the forbidden that makes it unspeakably desirable."
Narr:	Without a second thought, you enter Eve's room.
    Me: 	(It's been a while since I've been here.)
        Me: 	(That box under the bed shattered any and all of my illusions about Eve.)
        Me: 	(I just hope Belle returned the box before Eve realized it was gone.)
        Me: 	(We certainly put it to good use.)
    Me: 	(So, this is the cougar's den.)
Narr:	The room is bathed in sunlight, with the rays caressing the velvet sheet of Eve's bed.
Narr:	The wardrobe, a silent keeper of secrets, reigns in its corner.
Me: 	(Eve has the biggest bed. Wonder what stories it would tell, if it could...)
Narr:	Your mind immediately derails into thoughts about Eve sprawled on the bed.
Narr:	Velvety sheet framing her curves and her skin glistening...
    Narr:	Your mind goes back to the image of Eve pleasuring herself with Belle's dildo.
    Narr:	Eve's throes of passion invade your mind once again.
    Eve:	Fuck *pant* I'm such a dirty slut, ahhh...
    Eve:	*Moan* Yeaaahhh, fuck me... Please, fuck me...
Narr:	You somehow manage to snap out of it.
Me: 	(Must've scrambled my brain, can't even think straight anymore.)
Me: 	(The wardrobe. It certainly holds secrets.)
Narr:	Opening the wardrobe you find some clothes and an inconspicuous-looking pink backpack.
    Me: 	I remember this...
    Me: 	That's the backpack I found in Cabin 3!
    Me: 	(The one containing lingerie. It's definitely Eve's!)
    Me: 	(Why was it in Cabin 3?)
    Me: 	(This doesn't look like something Eve would own.)
    Me: 	(Lingerie?)
    Me: 	(Sex... toys?)
    Me: 	(Actually, this backpack could very possibly be Eve's.)
    Me: 	(I better not dig too deep.)
Narr:	Other than that, the wardrobe contains nothing of interest. No secret compartments, nothing of the sort.
Me: 	(I've snooped enough. And seen enough.)
Me: 	And I'd rather not risk getting caught by Eve.
Narr:	You decide it's best not to keep Eve waiting. Hell hath no fury...
Me: 	*Knocking* Hi Eve, it's me.
    Eve:	Oh, you're already here. Come in, Dennis.
    Narr:	As you enter the office, you're greeted by Eve and her welcoming smile.
    Narr:	She appears exhausted, but still has that contagious spark of hers.
    Narr:	How she manages to juggle all those responsibilities by herself is beyond you.
    Narr:	And tolerate your shenanigans.
    Eve:	Take a seat, please.
    Eve:	Glad you didn't take too long to see me. I've had a busy morning and I'm already starting to feel a headache coming on.
    Me: 	Sorry to hear that, Eve. Hopefully, I can be of help, so you feel better.
    Eve:	(Oh, I'm certain there are ways to make me feel better.)
    Eve:	Thank you, Dennis. That's part of the reason I asked you to come see me.
    Eve:	Don't think I haven't noticed all you do around here... and with the girls.
    Me: 	(Oh shit, she's onto me. It was only a matter of time.)
    Me: 	(Quickly, Dennis, think of something!)
    Eve:	And, I appreciate it, I really do.
    Eve:	(More than you could ever know.)
    Me: 	(Oof, dodged another bullet there. Hiding from Eve is becoming stressful.)
    Me: 	Don't mention it, I'm glad I could help.
    Eve:	Some of the girls are already showing signs of personal growth.
    Eve:	And they appear to be handling the issues they brought with them.
    Eve:	And, I think it's in no small part because of you.
    Eve:	You certainly have a way with them.
    Me: 	*Gulp*
    Narr:	She's onto you! Do something! Anything!
    Me: 	Yea'... I mean... They're quite impressionable.
    Me: 	Some of them might have taken an interest in me... Interest that is, I assure you, in no way reciprocated.
    Me: 	I'm...
    Eve:	Dennis.
    Eve:	Where's all this coming from? Nobody's accusing you of anything.
    Eve:	Relax.
    Me: 	Yeah... sorry...
    Me: 	I like seeing you smile, Eve.
    Eve:	(They say flattery gets you nowhere...)
    Eve:	(And, he does flatter me in all manner of ways.)
    Eve:	*Smiles* Seems you have that effect on women here, Dennis.
    Eve:	This is why I think you're ready to lead solo sessions with some of the girls today.
    Narr:	Eve moves like some predatory animal with a clear purpose mind.
    Narr:	You can feel the raw sexuality behind every movement.
    Narr:	She knows she commands the room.
    Narr:	And, with her slender legs, she slowly makes her way into your thoughts.
    Me: 	(Eve really is a beautiful woman...)
        Me: 	(And, if I remember correctly, kinky as fuck!)
        Me: 	(I wonder if she's as cock-hungry as before...)
        Me: 	(Maybe I'll have a chance to find out?)
    Narr:	As if clairvoyant, Eve gives you a look that speaks volumes. 
    Narr:	She started to appreciate you, not only as a model employee, but as a desirable man.
    Narr:	There might be a well-hidden hunger behind those piercing eyes.
    Eve:	I believe you're more than apt to lead the sessions on your own.
    Eve:	Considering you've gotten to know the girls and established a level of trust with them.
    Me: 	Thanks for the vote of confidence, Eve. I think I can handle it without any problems.
    Eve:	I don't expect any problems, Dennis. If I did, I wouldn't have tasked you with that kind of responsibility.
    Eve:	As you know, I've concluded several sessions with the girls already, so you can help yourself to my notebook.
    Eve:	I do expect you to keep notes of your sessions as well.
    Eve:	I'm certain you'll make me proud.
    Eve:	(And, I do have a special reward for a job well done).
    Me: 	(Damn those tits look delicious. I bet they taste just as wonderful.)
    Me: 	(Is Eve trying to seduce me?)
    Me: 	I won't disappoint you.
    Eve:	(With the tool you're packing, I'm sure that's impossible.)
    Eve:	That's it for now. Could you go and check on the girls, then bring them back to the Community area?
    Eve:	And, don't forget Emily.
    Me: 	(After this morning, as if I could.)
    Me: 	Of course, I'm going right away.
    Eve:	Aren't you forgetting something, Dennis?
    Narr:	You're clueless, so you do the first thing that comes to mind.
    Me: 	Oh yea'.
    Me: 	Bye, Eve.
    Narr:	Even you are perplexed by this course of action, but now it's done. Play it cool.
    Narr:	Your hug lingers just long enough for you to feel Eve embracing you in a hug.
    Narr:	Her hug is warm, and she pulls you so close that you can feel her heartbeat. 
    Narr:	And you are sure she can feel your growing bulge just the same.
    Me: 	Err...
    Eve:	The notes, Dennis. Take the folder with my notes and go.
    Narr:	Played it really cool there.
    Eve:	Can't wait to reward him for all his hard work. 
        Eve:	(This is the second time I got him hard. I could feel his cock pressing against me.)
        Eve:	(But, that's still not the real thing...)
    Eve:	Come in, Dennis.
    Narr:	As you enter the office, you're greeted by Eve and her furrowed brow. 
    Narr:	Even though she appears exhausted, you can feel her temper flaring.
    Narr:	All the responsibilities and your shenanigans are starting to get to her.
    Narr:	And your tardiness today might have tipped the scale.
    Eve:	I'm so glad you timed your arrival with my headache.
    Eve:	Sit down.
    Me: 	Sorry to hear that, Eve. Hopefully, I can be of help...
    Eve:	Don't think I haven't noticed all you do around here... and with the girls.
    Me: 	(Oh shit, she's onto me. It was only a matter of time.)
    Eve:	And I do appreciate it, I really do.
    Eve:	(Despite all of the attention you've been giving them!)
    Me: 	(Oof, dodged another bullet there. Hiding from Eve is becoming stressful.)
    Me: 	Don't mention it.
    Eve:	Some of the girls are already showing signs of personal growth.
    Eve:	And they appear to be handling the issues they brought with them.
    Eve:	And I think it's in no small part because of you.
    Eve:	You certainly have a way with them, it's unlike anything I've seen before.
    Eve:	(Maybe in more ways than one...)
    Narr:	She's onto you! Do something! Anything!
    Narr:	And avert your eyes man, focus on getting out of this!
    Me: 	(Damn those tits look delicious. I bet they taste just as wonderful.)
    Me: 	Yeah... I mean... they're quite impressive... I mean impressionable.
    Me: 	The girls, that is...
    Me: 	I'm...
    Narr:	You're hard again. That's what you are. Should've looked away.
    Eve:	Focus, Dennis.
    Eve:	I want you focused if you're to lead solo sessions with some of the girls.
    Eve:	Today -
    Eve:	(Oh, what do we have here?)
    Narr:	Eve moves like some predatory animal, with a clear purpose in mind.
    Narr:	You can feel her barely contained sexuality behind every movement.
    Narr:	She commands the room.
    Narr:	And your erection.
    Eve:	(Dennis got hard for me?)
        Eve:	(Again?)
        Eve:	(I admit it's flattering that I keep getting that kind of attention from him.)
        Eve:	(And I haven't gotten that kind of attention for a while...)
    Eve:	(Maybe I should make him a bit uncomfortable about it, see how he reacts?)
    Eve:	(Should be a fun little experiment. At least for me.)
    Eve:	What are your thoughts on that? Feeling excited?
    Me: 	*Gulp*
    Me: 	Then... thanks for the vote of confidence, Eve. There shouldn't... There won't be any problems.
    Narr:	Her piercing gaze is well trained in hiding her insatiable hunger. But, you still feel like a morsel.
    Me: 	(Damn, Eve's making me so hard right now.)
    Me: 	(She's so fucking hot.)
        Me: 	(And, if I remember correctly, kinky as hell!)
        Me: 	(I wonder if she's as cock-hungry as before...)
        Me: 	(Maybe I'll have my chance to find out?)
    Eve:	There better be no problems, Dennis. Otherwise, I will be very disappointed.
    Eve:	As you know, I've concluded several sessions with the girls already. You can help yourself to my notebook.
    Eve:	I do expect you to keep notes of your sessions as well.
    Me: 	I won't disappoint you.
    Eve:	You better not.
    Eve:	Now go, check on the girls and then bring them back to the Community area. Emily as well.
    Me: 	Of course, I'm going to get them right away.
    Eve:	Dennis?
    Eve:	Forgetting something?
    Narr:	Dazed and confused, and trying to hide your hard-on, you do the first thing that comes to mind.
    Me: 	Oh yeah.
    Me: 	Sorry for... being late?
    Narr:	Even you are perplexed by this course of events, but now it's done. Play it cool.
    Narr:	Your hug lingers just long enough for your bulge to press against Eve.
    Narr:	You were about to break away, but Eve presses against you 
    Narr:	As she does, your erection gets even harder. You can feel it; she feels it.
    Eve:	The notes, Dennis. Take the folder with my notes and go.
    Narr:	Played it really cool there.
    Eve:	(This will require more time for examination in order to produce better results.)
    Eve:	(I'm looking forward to it.)
Me: 	*Flustered* What did I get myself into?
Me: 	If my day started like this, who knows what else might happen...
Kiara:	Dennis!
Me: 	Hey, Kiara. You back from town?
Kiara:	Guess Eve told you. I've taken your place as the errand runner.
Me: 	Might have more to do with the fact that you have a driver's license than anything else.
Kiara:	That's an easy excuse... When are you finally going to get your driver's license?
Kiara:	When I'm not around, who's gonna go to the city for supplies?
    Me: 	(So she's already talking about not being around...)
    Me: 	(Did she find a job already?)
    Me: 	(I better keep quiet about seeing job ads in her room. I'd rather not bluntly admit I was snooping through her stuff.)
    Narr:	Good call.
Me: 	Maybe Eve?
Kiara:	She's a lot of things, but she's not one to run around doing errands.
Me: 	Yeah, you're right, she's more about running things from the top. Keeping everyone in check.
Kiara:	That's Eve.
Narr:	As Kiara unloads the supplies, you notice there's quite a lot to carry to the house.
Me: 	(It will take ages for Kiara to get all that inside the house. Maybe I should help?)
Me: 	(I also need to go check on Emily and the girls, and get them to the Community area.)
    Me: 	(I also need to go check on Emily and the girls, and get them to the Community area.)
        Me: 	Let me help you carry all of this inside.
        Kiara:	A real gentleman, who would have thought?
        Kiara:	You take those two.
        Narr:	You carry the first box with unmatched ease. This display of prowess is certain to impress Kiara.
        Narr:	You're lulled into a false sense of security, for this box... this box is heavy.
        Me: 	*Pant* (Did Kiara buy rocks?)
        Narr:	You were never the most athletic of the bunch, but you're not clumsy either. Until this very moment.
        Narr:	You stumble a bit, losing balance, almost as if the ground itself was tripping you up.
            Narr:	A worthy effort, but futile.
            Me: 	Oh shit!
            Narr:	The fall was nothing spectacular to behold, but it made a mess... of you, and the supplies.
            Kiara:	Dennis! Are you okay?
                Kiara:	You're more trouble than you're worth!
                Me: 	Hey, I had the best intentions here!
                Kiara:	It's always the same shit with you. And it always ends in disaster!
                Me: 	Kiara...
                Kiara:	I'll take care of this mess. Don't you have someplace else to be?
                Me: 	Sorry about this, Kiara.
                Kiara:	Don't worry about it. Are you okay?
                Narr:	You can sense Kiara's genuine concern for your well being.
                Me: 	I'm okay, thank you. Just a little sore, but it'll pass.
                Me: 	But, really, I'm sorry I made a mess.
                Kiara:	Yeah, I better pick that up.
                Me: 	Lemme help...
                Kiara:	It's okay, I'll handle it. I bet you have other errands to run.
            Me: 	Yeah, I best be on my way.
            Me: 	See ya' 'round Kiara.
            Me: 	(It's just one of those days, I guess...)
            Narr:	Walking toward the campground, you spot silhouettes in the distance.
            Narr:	The noise that follows them soon reveals their identity.
            Narr:	It's Emily with the girls.
            Me: 	(Well I took my sweet time, didn't I?)
            Me: 	(At least Emily's back with the girls.)
            Kiara:	Dennis!
            Narr:	With an agility that would make seasoned acrobats envy you, you find steady ground, even with your spaghetti legs.
            Me: 	I'm good Kiara, no worries!
            Me: 	(Woah, almost took a spectacular dive there.)
            Me: 	I need a glass of water. You want something to drink?
            Kiara:	Thanks, water will do just fine.
            Kiara:	*Laughs* I could already see you sprawled on the ground when you started tumbling.
            Me: 	Imagine if that had happened. Me, lying face first on the ground, and you, fuming out of both ears.
            Kiara:	I wouldn't have been mad at you... Because I would've been too busy laughing my ass off!
            Kiara:	I'm gonna miss things like this.
            Kiara:	And I'll miss you, Dennis.
                Me: 	I didn't mean to pry, but I overheard you talking to Eve about leaving the camp.
                Me: 	That you've "outgrown" this place.
                Kiara:	You could say that. I just feel it's my time to move on, you know?
                Me: 	As Eve would put it: "Life's all about finding things you enjoy".
            Kiara:	It's not something I've decided overnight, you know... me, leaving?
            Kiara:	It's just... It's not as it was.
            Me: 	Is it because of this year's patients?
            Kiara:	It's not about that. It all became too taxing, you know?
            Kiara:	Each year, there's a new batch of people and a new set of problems.
            Kiara:	You weren't here all the time, Dennis. It gets old after a while.
            Kiara:	I need a change. I've changed.
            Me: 	We all did, didn't we?
            Kiara:	Yeah... This will be my last day here. With Eve's help, I found a job and a small flat in the city.
            Kiara:	I'll be leaving first thing in the morning.
            Me: 	I'm gonna miss you, Kiara.
            Me: 	You gave me a hard time, but you were always true to yourself.
            Me: 	I always liked that about you.
            Kiara:	Soo, now I'm certain Eve gave you something to do.
            Kiara:	I'll unpack everything, don't worry about it.
            Me: 	See you later, Kiara.
            Me: 	(So, Kiara's leaving...)
            Me: 	(I just hope we'll have time for a proper farewell.)
            Narr:	It's Emily and the girls.
            Me: 	(Well, I did take my sweet time, didn't I?)
            Me: 	(At least Emily kept the girls entertained.)
        Me: 	Speaking of Eve and delegating work, I better get going.
        Me: 	I need to tell the girls to get ready and bring them back here.
        Kiara:	I bet you do.
        Me: 	Well, catch you later!
        Kiara:	(Thanks for helping...)
        Narr:	Walking toward the campground, you spot silhouettes in the distance.
        Narr:	The noise that follows them soon reveals their identity.
        Narr:	It's Emily with the girls.
        Me: 	(Well I took my sweet time, didn't I?)
        Me: 	(At least Emily's back with the girls.)
Narr:	You are about finish and it's almost like she sensed your intent.
Naomi:	Cum for me, Dennis!
Me: 	Fuuuck!
Me: 	Uhhh!
Narr:	Your huge load fills her mouth, while she swallows it with a smile.
Naomi:	*Gulp*
Narr:	As Naomi reaches her climax, the warmth of her pussy spills all over your mouth.
Naomi:	*Soft moan*
Naomi:	Ahhh...
Narr:	She stopped sucking your cock, and instead, she's traveling along its length with her tongue, slowly jerking you off.
Me: 	Uhh.
Me: 	I want to cum on your delicious tasting tits, Naomi.
Narr:	You feel her smile against your cock as she jerks you off for the last time, making you almost spasm.
Naomi:	Cum for me, Dennis!
Naomi:	Cover my tits in your warm cum!
Me: 	I'm cumming!
Narr:	You blast her tits in a shower of cum, her gray eyes looking at you with adoration.
Naomi:	Fuck me, Dennis! Please, [m!t], I need to feel you inside me.
Narr:	Naomi adjusts her limber body to better accommodate her wishes.
Naomi:	Uuuh.
Naomi:	Mmmm.
Narr:	You're not one to disappoint and your cock immediately slides all the way in.
Naomi:	Aaahhh, Dennis!
Naomi:	You feel amazing.
Narr:	You keep slamming into her as she gets a better grip on you.
Narr:	Her pussy is so hot that you stand no chance.
Me: 	I'm cumming!
Narr:	She moans in ecstasy, slamming her ass cheeks against your pelvis, hard and wanting.
Naomi:	Give it to me, Dennis!
Naomi:	Fill me up with your hot cum!
Narr:	You grab her by the hips as you unload into her, her screams of pleasure muffled by a nearby pillow.
Narr:	You are about to turn Naomi around, but it's almost like she sensed your intent. She gets on her knees by the bed and opens her mouth in welcome.
Naomi:	Cum for me, Dennis!
Me: 	Fuuuck!
Me: 	Uhhh!
Narr:	Your huge load fills her mouth, while she swallows it with a smile.
Naomi:	*Gulp*
Naomi:	Ahhh!
Narr:	You quickly position Naomi and insert your cock between her beautiful ass cheeks.
Narr:	Grinding against her ass leads you to completion.
Me: 	Fuuuck!
Me: 	*Grunt*
Me: 	Uhhh!
Narr:	You spray your load all over her ass while she's still shaking from the orgasm you've given her.
Naomi:	*Loud moan* Ahhh, Dennis.
Naomi:	Fuuuuck...
Narr:	You're both at the very verge of orgasm when you hear Naomi cry out in pleasure.
Naomi:	I need to feel you, Dennis. Right now...
Naomi:	Fuck me!
Narr:	You're not the one to keep a lady waiting as you position yourself and slide your cock deep inside her ass.
Naomi:	Jesus!
Me: 	*Loud grunt* Uhh.
Naomi:	Uhmm.
Naomi:	Deeper!
Naomi:	Ahhh!
Naomi:	*Pant* Fuuuck!
Naomi:	Mmmm!
Me: 	I'm cumming!
Narr:	You give her a final few thrusts and unload into her tight ass.
Narr:	Naomi is shaking wildly, completely lost in pleasure.
Narr:	It's best you go and get Violet. You wouldn't waste time on trivialities like small talk, unlike Emily. Right?
Me: 	(Violet said she'll be quick about it. Enough time has passed, she could very well be done with it.)
Narr:	You near the shower booth and it's almost like you can hear faint moans drowned out by a running shower.
Narr:	It's not your imagination.
Narr:	Barely contained moan somehow manages to flee Violet's lips and echo within the booth's walls.
Violet:	*Moan*
Me: 	(Is Violet...? No way!)
    Me: 	(Is Violet...? No way!)
        Me: 	(Is Violet...? No way!)
        Narr:	Old habits die hard.
        Me: 	(I'll just take a little peek...)
        Me: 	(She's touching herself... Fuck, she looks so hot doing that.)
        Narr:	You're watching her, trying your best not to make a sound, your body stiff as a board.
        Narr:	And that's not the only thing that's stiff.
        Me: 	(She's making me so hard just by looking at her.)
        Me: 	(Wonder what or whom she might be fantasizing about.)
        Violet:	*Soft moan*
        Violet:	Mmmm, yes, fuck me, fuck me harder.
        Narr:	Violet picks up the pace, rubbing her pussy with increased zeal.
        Violet:	Oh my god... Yesss...
        Violet:	I want to feel it deep inside me, give it all to me, please!
        Violet:	Please...
            Narr:	As you watch Violet finger herself, with your cock twitching in your pants, wanting to break free, a sinister idea comes to mind.
            Me: 	(I know I got slapped the first time, but what if... what if I make her reach her climax faster?)
            Narr:	You're actually thinking about it, aren't you?
                Narr:	You're actually thinking about it, aren't you?
                    Me: 	(Fuck it, fortune favors the bold!)
                    Violet:	Oh my fucking... Dear fucking god...Oohh...
                    Narr:	Violet starts spasming as she orgasms; her whole body shakes, legs going numb.
                    Me: 	(She's so gorgeous when she cums. I think she can take some more.)
                    Narr:	Encouraged by the sight of Violet's bliss, you clap again.
                    Violet:	Aaaahhhh! Mmmmmhhh...
                    Narr:	Violet lets out a moan, still shaking. Her fingers are still deep inside of her, but she's slowing the pace.
                    Violet:	*Soft moan* Fuck me...
                    Me: 	(That was so hot.)
                    Narr:	To your surprise, it appears that Violet's not finished. Her nimble fingers are now playing with her clit.
                    Narr:	She's biting her lip, still entrapped in ecstasy.
                    Me: 	(She's not done? Violet sure is in a mood today...)
                    Me: 	(I could watch her play with herself for hours... Wouldn't mind joining the action either.)
                    Narr:	It was almost like she heard you.
                    Violet:	Dennis... [m!ct]?!
                    Me: 	(For fuck sake, she saw me. Now I'm in trouble.)
                    Me: 	It's really not what it looks like!
                    Narr:	Great save there.
                    Violet:	It's not?! Tell me, what does it look like?
                    Me: 	It looks like I was spying on you while you were showering.
                    Me: 	But, please, listen!
                    Me: 	I came to get you since Emily went ahead with the rest of the girls.
                    Me: 	And I heard you since the doors weren't fully closed.
                    Me: 	When I saw you... I couldn't stop. I couldn't help but to admire you.
                    Violet:	Wha... what?
                    Me: 	Seeing you touching yourself, not scared of your sexuality, looking so unrestrained...
                    Me: 	That's what made me look and admire.
                    Me: 	That's what makes you so hot, Violet.
                        Narr:	Violet notices how hard you've become. Now she's the one with an idea.
                        Violet:	How hot do you think I am?
                        Narr:	You look at Violet, feeling almost dizzy from how stunning she is.
                        Narr:	It's not only because there's a beautiful, naked girl in front of you.
                        Narr:	Violet is radiant. She's composed, confident and aware of herself. She's -
                        Me: 	- so fucking hot.
                        Violet:	Show me.
                        Violet:	Hmmm, I'm inclined to believe you.
                        Violet:	But you were still spying on me, Dennis!
                        Violet:	You were watching me in a private moment! While I was in the shower!
                        Violet:	Have you been doing that since I came to camp?!
                        Me: 	I haven't! This just happened!
                        Me: 	You were so beautiful, Violet. You ARE so beautiful.
                        Me: 	I know looking at you was not the right thing to do, but I just...
                        Violet:	And you even clapped?! You know full well how I react to that!
                        Me: 	...
                        Violet:	I can't...
                        Narr:	Violet is like a raging hurricane about to storm out of the booth.
                        Narr:	She's about to brush you off as you gently take hold of her arm, stopping her in her tracks.
                        Narr:	The look she gives you is one of discontent. But, there is something hidden behind those eyes.
                        Narr:	You're surprised by the kiss, even more so as Violet puts her arms around your neck and presses herself onto you.
                        Violet:	But you were still spying on me, Dennis!
                        Violet:	You were watching me in a private moment! While I was in the shower!
                        Violet:	Have you been doing that since I came to camp?!
                        Me: 	I haven't! This just happened!
                        Me: 	You were so beautiful, Violet. You ARE so beautiful.
                        Me: 	I know looking at you was not the right thing to do, but I just...
                        Violet:	And you even clapped?! You know full well how I react to that!
                        Me: 	...
                        Violet:	I can't...
                        Narr:	Violet is like a raging hurricane, about to storm out of the booth.
                        Narr:	She's about to brush you off as you gently take hold of her arm, stopping her in her tracks.
                        Narr:	The look she gives you is one of discontent. But there is something hidden behind those eyes.
                        Narr:	You want to kiss her so badly.
                        Violet:	I can get past what you just did Dennis... eventually.
                        Violet:	But, right now, I'm going to ask you to leave and let me get dressed.
                        Me: 	(Why the fuck did I clap? What I expected would happen?)
                        Narr:	You sit on the log and after a short while, she exits the cabin and heads towards you.
                        Narr:	You're having real trouble getting her moans of pleasure and the image of her climaxing to stop playing on loop in your head.
                        Violet:	I'm ready to go now.
                        Me: 	Uh, okay. We aren't that far behind.
                        Narr:	The tension between you two is palpable. You really botched it. But you have to break this silence. Somehow.
                        Narr:	You continue walking in awkward silence.
                        Me: 	(I don't think anything I say would make this situation any better. Best I let her have space and hope she forgives me.)
                        Me: 	(Can't wait to get to the house so this situation is done with.)
                        Narr:	Violet and you are followed by continued and prolonged silence and a worming thought of what might have just happened.
                        Me: 	Anyways, we better hurry. Emily is nowhere to be seen, which can only mean she's already there.
                        Me: 	And that they're waiting for us.
                        Violet:	Oh, okay. Then I hope you can keep up the pace then.
                        Me: 	(Damn it, Violet. You and your athletic legs.)
                    Me: 	(I'd rather not risk it. Both getting hit or her suing the camp.)
                    Me: 	(I would probably regret it, anyways.)
                    Violet:	Aaaaghhh!
                    Narr:	Hearing her resonating moan makes your hand go, almost instinctively, toward your crotch.
                    Narr:	Let's see how this unfolds.
                    Me: 	(What I would give to feel those luscious lips around my cock.)
                    Violet:	Mmmmmh, mhmmmh...
                    Me: 	(To suck on those tits, lick those shapely nipples.)
                    Violet:	Aaaa-aaaaah.. *pants* It feeels soo gooood...
                    Me: 	(And then, slooowly slide into her pussy, feeling just how wet and tight she is.)
                    Violet:	Mmmmmh, yeees, just like that...
                    Me: 	(Slowly fucking her, savoring every moment as she moans for me.)
                    Violet:	Aaaa-aaaaah.. *pants* Uhhh, I'm so close...
                    Violet:	Aaaahhh!
                    Narr:	Violet lets out a loud moan as she orgasms, startling you out of your fantasy. You sharply slam the door on instinct.
                    Me: 	(Oh shit!)
                    Me: 	(I don't think Violet would take kindly to me spying on her.)
                    Me: 	(Or my hard-on. She would know I've been looking at her.)
                    Me: 	(Damn it, I just hope she didn't see me.)
                    Me: 	(It's gonna be tough keeping the image of her out of my head...
                    Me: 	(But, we better get going.)
                    Me: 	(Maybe I can still turn this around.)
                    Me: 	(Here goes nothing.)
                    Me: 	*Knocks*
                    Me: 	*Clears throat* Violet, it's me, Dennis. I came to check if you're gonna be done soon.
                    Me: 	Emily already went away with the rest of the girls.
                    Violet:	(Did he hear me? Wait, did he see me?)
                    Violet:	I'll be right out.
                    Me: 	Okay, I'll wait by the campfire.
                    Narr:	You sit on the log, and soon enough, Violet emerges from the booth.
                    Narr:	She's still drying herself with a towel, caressing her body with its warmth.
                    Violet:	*Blushes* I'll just go grab something to wear.
                    Me: 	(Violet's so pretty. If only she was more confident about it.)
                    Narr:	After a short while, she exits the cabin and heads towards you.
                    Narr:	You're having real trouble getting her moans of pleasure and the image of her climaxing to stop playing on loop in your head.
                    Violet:	Oh... hey! Sorry to keep you waiting, I'm ready to go now.
                    Me: 	No problem, we aren't that far behind.
                    Narr:	She appears nervous. It's quite possible she might have heard or even saw you!
                    Narr:	The tension between you two is palpable. It's clear she knows you were looking... but you have to break this silence. Somehow.
                        Me: 	It was nice working out with you again, Violet.
                        Violet:	Thanks Dennis! You did so great at explaining the poses to Emily.
                        Me: 	That's only because you're a great instructor.
                        Narr:	You continue walking, laughing at your previous attempts at yoga.
                        Narr:	You manage to keep Violet from thinking about what might have happened. 
                        Me: 	(She's so beautiful when she's smiling. She's finally feeling more relaxed.)
                        Narr:	But you can't stop thinking about the what if.
                        Me: 	You and Emily had quite a workout, huh?
                        Violet:	Yeah, Emily seems eager for any kind of activity.
                        Violet:	She has so much energy, it's astounding.
                        Me: 	It was nice watching you both break a sweat.
                        Narr:	Why would you say something like that?
                        Narr:	You continue walking in awkward silence.
                        Me: 	(She probably knows that I heard her. Or worse, was watching her. I mean, she's not wrong, but still.)
                        Me: 	(Can't wait to get to the house so this situation is done with.)
                        Narr:	Violet and you are followed by continued and prolonged silence and a worming thought of what might have just happened.
                    Me: 	Anyways, we better hurry. Emily is nowhere to be seen, which can only mean she's already there.
                    Me: 	And that they're waiting for us.
                    Violet:	Oh, okay. Then I hope you can keep up the pace then.
                    Me: 	(Damn it, Violet. You and your athletic legs.)
            Violet:	Aaaaghhh!
            Narr:	Hearing her resonating moan makes your hand go, almost instinctively, toward your crotch.
            Narr:	Let's see how this unfolds.
            Me: 	(What I would give to feel those luscious lips around my cock.)
            Violet:	Mmmmmh, mhmmmh...
            Me: 	(To suck on those tits, lick those shapely nipples...)
            Violet:	Aaaa-aaaaah.. *pants* It feeels soo gooood...
            Me: 	(And then, slooowly slide into her pussy, feeling just how wet and tight she is.)
            Violet:	Mmmmmh, yeees, just like that...
            Me: 	(Slowly fucking her, savoring every moment as she moans for me.)
            Violet:	Aaaa-aaaaah.. *pants* Uhhh, I'm so close...
            Violet:	Aaaahhh!
            Narr:	Violet lets out a loud moan as she orgasms, startling you out of your fantasy. You sharply slam the door on instinct.
            Me: 	(Oh shit!)
            Me: 	(I don't think Violet would take kindly to me spying on her.)
            Me: 	(Or my hard-on. She would know I've been looking at her.)
            Me: 	(Damn, I just hope she didn't see me.)
            Me: 	(It's gonna be tough keeping the image of her out of my head...)
            Me: 	(But we better get going.)
            Me: 	(Maybe I can still turn this around.)
            Me: 	(Here goes nothing.)
            Me: 	*Knocks*
            Me: 	*Clears throat* Violet, it's me. Dennis. I came to check if you were gonna be done soon.
            Me: 	Emily already went with the rest of the girls.
            Violet:	(Did he hear me? Wait, did he see me?)
            Violet:	I'm almost done! (Great choice of words, Violet).
            Me: 	Okay, I'll wait by the campfire.
            Violet:	Hey, wait!
            Narr:	The words escaped her lips. Even Violet seemed surprised by them.
            Violet:	How long have you been here? By the booth?
            Me: 	Errr, not long? I've only just arrived.
            Me: 	(I just hope she doesn't notice my hard-on.)
            Narr:	And, you jinxed it.
            Violet:	(So he was looking!)
            Violet:	(Can't say it's not flattering, or enticing... but he was spying on me whilst I was in the shower!)
            Violet:	(Maybee? No, I really shouldn't...)
            Me: 	As I said, I came to check on you, since all the girls already left.
            Violet:	(Oh, we're alone here?)
            Narr:	Looking at your bulge and now knowing that you're alone at the campground, Violet goes for a gambit...
            Narr:	Out of common courtesy, you try to avert your gaze, but you just can't.
            Narr:	You look at Violet, feeling almost dizzy from how stunning she is.
            Narr:	It's not only because there's a beautiful, naked girl in front of you.
            Narr:	Violet is radiant. She's composed, confident and aware of herself.
            Me: 	...
            Violet:	*Embarrassed* This was a mistake, sorry...
            Me: 	Wait...
            Narr:	It's like you're unintentionally mimicking her, reliving the same emotions that she was going through.
            Me: 	You're gorgeous, Violet. You're a goddess.
            Narr:	As you approach her, you see her breasts heave and you can hear her shallow breathing.
            Violet:	Mhm.
        Me: 	(I better not. I don't think Violet would take kindly to me spying on her.)
        Me: 	(Also, I'm here to get her ready so we can go see Eve.)
        Me: 	*Knocks*
        Narr:	The moaning abruptly stops and all you can hear is the shower.
        Me: 	Violet, it's me, Dennis. I came to check if you were gonna be done soon.
        Me: 	Emily already went with the rest of the girls.
        Violet:	(He heard me, he definitely heard me.)
        Violet:	I'm almost done! (Why would I say that?! Nice choice of words, Violet.)
        Me: 	Okay, I'll wait by the campfire.
        Narr:	You sit on the log, and soon enough, Violet emerges from the booth.
        Narr:	She's still drying herself with a towel, caressing her body with its warmth.
        Violet:	*Blushes* I'll just go grab something to wear.
        Me: 	(Violet's so pretty. If only she was more confident about it.)
        Narr:	After a short while, she exits the cabin and heads toward you.
        Narr:	You're having trouble getting her moans of pleasure out of your head.
        Violet:	Oh... hey, sorry to keep you waiting. I'm ready to go now.
        Me: 	No problem, we aren't that far behind.
        Narr:	She appears nervous. Maybe you could say something to break the tension?
            Me: 	It was nice working out with you again, Violet.
            Violet:	Thanks, Dennis! You did so great at explaining the poses to Emily.
            Me: 	That's only because you're a great instructor.
            Narr:	You continue walking, laughing at your previous attempts at yoga. You managed to keep Violet from feeling awkward, and, in turn, got rewarded with a smile.
            Me: 	(She's so beautiful when she smiles. She's finally feeling more relaxed.)
            Me: 	You and Emily had quite a workout, huh?
            Violet:	Yeah, Emily seems eager for any kind of activity.
            Violet:	She has so much energy, it's astounding.
            Me: 	It was quite nice watching you both break into a sweat.
            Narr:	Why would you say something like that?
            Narr:	You continue walking in awkward silence. Your attempt at breaking the tension, although worthwhile, didn't succeed.
            Me: 	(She probably knows that I heard her. I mean, she's not wrong, but still.)
            Me: 	(Can't wait to get to the house so this situation is done with.)
        Me: 	Anyways, we better hurry. Emily is nowhere to be seen, which can only mean she's already there.
        Me: 	And that they're waiting for us.
        Violet:	Oh, okay. Then I hope you can keep up the pace.
        Me: 	(Damn it, Violet. You and your athletic legs.)
Narr:	Violet pulls you toward her, her sudden bravery catching you off guard.
Violet:	Hmmm.
Narr:	She pulls you in, so forcefully, yet her embrace is tender and her kisses passionate, as she slips you her tongue.
Narr:	You succumb and kiss her back with matching passion.
Violet:	*Soft moan*
Narr:	Her naked body is grinding against yours, trapped in throes of lust. She feels you up, her hand sliding against your hard cock.
Narr:	You can feel her whole body quivering.
Me: 	Violet, you're shaking.
    Violet:	I just want you, Dennis.
    Violet:	Can't get enough of you.
    Me: 	I can't get enough of you either.
    Violet:	I'm nervous.
    Me: 	Why?
    Violet:	I really like you, Dennis.
    Me: 	Hey, I really like you, too.
Me: 	We don't need to rush anything, you know that.
Violet:	I do, but I've been holding my feelings in for so long.
Narr:	Just to make her point perfectly clear, she pulls off your pants.
Violet:	I need your touch. I catch myself thinking about it way too often.
Violet:	More than I would like to admit.
Narr:	She takes your cock and starts stroking it, slowly picking up the pace.
Me: 	*Pant* You're not alone in that.
Narr:	Violet kisses you, her perfectly shaped tits press against your chest.
Narr:	Sun reflects off the tiny droplets of water still dotting her skin.
Violet:	*Moan* Mmmm.
Violet:	Your touch... it drives me wild.
Violet:	*Quiet gasp* Aaaaaah
Me: 	Violet...
Narr:	It's like her name leaving your lips turns her on even more. She kisses you hard, jerking you off even harder.
Me: 	Shiiiit.
Narr:	You suddenly and surprisingly stop Violet.
Narr:	Violet is baffled by your action. She is still slowly stroking your cock, unable to break her hold on you.
Me: 	Don't get me wrong - I'm loving this. Being with you here, a beautiful woman in front of me, naked...
Me: 	But, like I told you, I came here to get you since all the others already left, and, if we're late, Eve might not take it so well.
Me: 	I'd rather not piss her off.
Me: 	(Or give her a reason to suspect I'm fooling around with patients.)
Narr:	She appears disappointed, but, suddenly, a smile lights up her face.
Narr:	She pulls herself closer to you, and, with her hand still around your cock, starts stroking you faster.
Narr:	She whispers into your ear...
Violet:	What if we make it quick?
Me: 	(Woah, Violet is really persistent.)
Me: 	(Where did that shy and timid girl go?)
Me: 	(I'm loving this side of her. I just hope she doesn't end up a sex fiend like Belle.)
    Me: 	So, what did you have in mind?
    Violet:	Since we have to make it quick...
    Narr:	Violet bends, pressing her face and hands against the booth wall, and spreads her legs.
    Narr:	Her pussy, still dripping wet, alluring. Her perfectly toned ass, entrancing.
    Narr:	It's almost like a siren's song.
    Violet:	Dennis...
    Violet:	Ooooooooooh!
    Me: 	You're so wet.
    Narr:	You whirl your tongue around her pussy, slowly closing in on your target.
    Violet:	Mmmmmh, tell me what you'll do to me...
    Violet:	Uuuuhhhh.
    Me: 	I'm gonna make you cum.
    Violet:	Mmmmm, keep going like this and it's gonna happen.
    Narr:	Licking Violet's delicious pussy, you finally reach your target.
    Narr:	Circling her clit with your tongue, you insert a finger inside her. You feel her pussy tighten and Violet lets out a moan.
    Violet:	Aaaaaah, just like that...
    Violet:	Just like -
    Narr:	Violet's legs start trembling, the sensation traveling upwards.
    Narr:	Soon her ass is jiggling and she's grinding her pussy against your face.
    Violet:	- THAT!!
    Narr:	You stop licking her and get hold of her thighs.
    Narr:	Your hands travel along her smooth skin, feeling every vibration as she shakes.
    Violet:	*stuttering* Your touch is driving me crazy.
    Violet:	Uhmmm...
    Violet:	Please, put it inside!
    Me: 	You sure?
    Violet:	*Soft moan* Mmmmhmhh.
    Narr:	Violets turns and looks at you, a burning passion in her eyes. She's slowly nodding, her silence speaking volumes.
    Narr:	You slide deep inside her and she kisses you passionately.
    Violet:	Oh my god! Yeeees, yes, yeeees!
    Violet:	*Moan* Mmmmmmmmmh.
    Me: 	Your pussy's so hot.
    Me: 	And so tight. *grunt*
    Me: 	I can't believe I'm fucking you.
    Narr:	Violet seems invigorated by your words as she impales herself on you, rhythmically moving her hips.
    Narr:	Her pussy is swallowing your cock whole.
    Violet:	Your cock feels amazing.
    Me: 	Ghhhhhhhnghhh...
    Me: 	Fuck, you're gonna make me - 
    Violet:	- cum with me Dennis!
        Violet:	- cum with me Dennis!
            Narr:	You can barely hold it in anymore. Violet's tight pussy is constricting around you and she exclaims in passion.
            Violet:	Dennis!
            Violet:	I'm cuuuuummmmiiiing!!
            Me: 	Me too!
            Me: 	Let me cum on that firm ass of yours.
            Violet:	*Moan* Do it!
            Narr:	Violet arches her back, quivering in delight.
            Narr:	You can barely hold it in anymore. Violet's tight pussy is constricting around you, and she exclaims in passion.
            Violet:	Dennis!
            Violet:	I'm cuuuuummmmiiiing!!
            Violet:	I know how much you like my breasts, Dennis.
            Narr:	She starts playing with them, teasing you, enticing you to finish on them.
            Violet:	Let me feel how hot you are...
            Narr:	And you don't need too much convincing.
    Me: 	So, what did you have in mind?
    Violet:	Since we have to make it quick...
    Me: 	Oh god.
    Narr:	She swallows your whole length, releasing a burst of suppressed euphoria, causing you to jitter.
    Me: 	Violet, fuuuuck!
    Violet:	*Slurp*
    Violet:	Mmmmm.
    Me: 	*Grunt*
    Me: 	You're amazing at this, keep going.
    Narr:	As she's sucking your cock, VIolet's lips never part from it.
    Me: 	*Grunt* (Looks like all those yoga breathing exercises paid off) *Pant*
    Me: 	Fuck, I'm gonna cum really fast if you keep this up...
    Narr:	Violet suddenly slows down, letting your cock slowly slide out of her mouth as she gasps for air.
    Narr:	A trail of saliva still connects her with the object of her desire.
    Me: 	*Pant* Why'd you stop?
    Violet:	I'm not ready for you to be done.
    Me: 	Are you gonna demand ransom?
    Violet:	I just might.
    Me: 	Ughhh.
    Me: 	And what - fuck - would that ransom be?
    Me: 	*Low grunt*
    Violet:	*Suck*
    Violet:	*Ghhhhhhmmm.*
    Me: 	Mmph, if you keep going like this I'm gonna...
    Me: 	Fuuuuuuuuuck.
    Narr:	It seems she's now ready for you to be done.
    Narr:	Violet is still vigorously swallowing your cock and she can feel it start to throb in her mouth.
    Narr:	It incites her even further and she starts deepthroating you, eagerly.
    Me: 	Ghhhhhhhh, Violet, I'm gonna -
    Me: 	- I'm gonna cum!
        Me: 	- I'm gonna cum!
            Narr:	The look she gives you is the tipping point and you're unable to hold back anymore.
            Me: 	Violet, I...
            Narr:	Violet's lips, which had your cock in a tight grip, soften, evidently satisfied
            Narr:	She releases your still hard cock, slowly, still savoring your taste.
            Violet:	I know how much you like my breasts, Dennis.
            Narr:	She starts playing with them, teasing you, enticing you to finish on them.
            Violet:	Let me feel you between them.
            Narr:	You don't need too much convincing.
            Me: 	They feel... so goooood.
            Me: 	*Grunt* I'm cumming!
Me: 	*Sigh* That was incredible.
Violet:	Yes, very much so.
Violet:	Up for round two?
Me: 	My god, Violet, I said we had to be quick.
Me: 	You know I'd never refuse you, but you don't want to see Eve angry, trust me... we have to go.
Narr:	Violet snuggles up to you and rests her head on your chest, caressing you.
Narr:	You share a moment, lost in it for just a little while.
Violet:	Okay... I'll go and change.
Violet:	Meet you outside?
Me: 	Of course, I'm not going anywhere.
Narr:	You sit on the log and wait. Soon enough, Violet emerges from the cabin.
Me: 	(Damn, Violet's gorgeous. Confidence is so hot on her...)
Violet:	Oh, hi... sorry to keep you waiting, I'm ready to go.
Me: 	No problem, I just hope we're not too late.
Narr:	One would wrongfully presume that the walk toward the house would be filled with awkward silence.
Narr:	But, in fact, you enjoy spending time with Violet.
Narr:	Almost as much as she enjoys spending it with you.
    Me: 	Good morning, girls!
    svi:	Hi, Dennis!
    Narr:	Emily hurries ahead of the other girls and you think she's gonna throw herself into your arms.
    Narr:	She suddenly stops, mere inches from you.
    Emily:	We missed you at the campground, Dennis.
    Emily:	(I know I sure did...)
    Belle:	Hey handsome. *winks* Sleep well?
    Naomi:	Morning, Dennis. You look like you had a rough night.
    Violet:	The sky was so starry last night, Dennis. Hope you didn't spend your evening indoors.
    Narr:	Only Stacy remains quiet, hanging in the back. You think she might have mumbled something along the lines of ‘good morning'.
    Me: 	(Stacy looks tired, hopefully she had a peaceful night.)
    Me: 	Great to see you all, and yes, I slept so well I actually overslept.
    Me: 	I hope Emily brought you all up to speed?
    Emily:	Errr...
    Emily:	I just told them we need to go and see Eve at the Community area.
    Emily:	Did I forget to mention something?
    Me: 	No, it's all good. Eve just told us to bring them here.
    Me: 	Thanks for getting them here. I got held up by Eve.
    Emily:	It was no problem, Dennis. I managed to wake them up and even had time to work out with Violet.
    Emily:	She worked me so hard, everything aches.
    Me: 	(Wish I could have seen that.)
    Me: 	Did Naomi give you any trouble? Stacy, Belle?
    Emily:	Naomi was asleep but I woke her up. Stacy and Belle were sharing a bed, but they woke up pretty fast.
    Me: 	(Shared a bed? What happened there?)
    Me: 	How come?
    Emily:	How come they woke up so fast? *smiles* Or, how come they shared a bed?
    Me: 	The latter.
    Emily:	No idea, I didn't ask. I'm not the one to pry.
    Narr:	Same couldn't be said for you.
    Me: 	(I'll have to ask either Stacy or Belle what happened.)
    svi:	Hi, Kiara!
    Kiara:	Hey girls! Going to see Eve?
    Me: 	Yeah, we're supposed to meet her at the Community area. Are you gonna join us later?
    Narr:	She ignores you and carries the supplies inside the house.
    Me: 	(Hope she's not mad at me.)
    Eve:	Morning girls, hope you had enough sleep.
    Eve:	We have a lot to go through.
    Me: 	Ladies, let's go! Emily is gonna get Violet and meet us at the Community area. Eve's probably already waiting for us.
    Belle:	Can't we wait for them just a bit longer? I'll keep us entertained in the meantime.
    Naomi:	Does this mean I could have had more time to sleep?
    Me: 	No and no, we're going right now. We don't want to keep Eve waiting.
    Narr:	Belle is hanging back with Stacy, talking to her in a hushed voice. Naomi seems preoccupied with her own thoughts.
    Me: 	(I wonder what Naomi's thinking about...)
    Me: 	Penny for your thoughts?
    Naomi:	*Smiles* Such a corny phrase, Dennis.
    Me: 	Had to start a conversation somehow.
    Naomi:	Yeah... I'm just thinking about this camp. I wouldn't say it stifles my imagination, but it doesn't nourish it either.
    Naomi:	I'm usually brimming with stories to tell. Today I just feel... blank.
    Me: 	I hope the muse visits you soon. And if I can help, just let me know.
    Naomi:	Thank you. Maybe this day proves to be eventful enough to inspire a good story.
    Me: 	(Not too eventful, I hope.)
        Narr:	You're interrupted by a familiar voice. And an all familiar line of thought:
        Belle:	Don't you dare plan any threesomes without me!
        Belle:	Or foursomes, if Stacy's interested.
        Narr:	Stacy remains quiet. The aftermath of whatever nightmare she had is still visible.
        Belle:	*Jokingly* Oh, c'mon, Stacy, I'm certain Dennis would stoke your stove.
        Naomi:	Do you ever turn off?
        Belle:	*Sticks her tongue out* No, I'm always turned on.
        Me: 	(Haha, Naomi really walked right into that one.)
        Me: 	How are you doing, Stacy? Feeling any better?
        Stacy:	Yes, thank you. I'm better now.
        Stacy:	But no, I don't remember much of my dream yet.
        Me: 	I didn't want to pester you about that.
        Stacy:	But, you're interested? Is it because of your dreams?
        Me: 	I'm worried, Stacy. I'm worried there's more to this than just bad dreams.
        Stacy:	... (I'm worried about that as well.)
        Me: 	What's with Stacy and Belle? I've never seen them this close before (except for that time when they were having fun in their cabin).
        Naomi:	Who would know what's going on in their heads?
        Naomi:	Belle is... well, being Belle. But, I think Stacy cracked since we got here.
        Me: 	What do you mean?
        Naomi:	Don't tell me you haven't noticed?
        Naomi:	She was always a jumbled mess, but these days, she's incoherent to say the least.
        Naomi:	It was hard keeping track of what she was saying before.
        Naomi:	Now, it's impossible.
        Me: 	I've noticed she's been acting strange lately, too
        Naomi:	Isn't that your job, Dennis?
        Naomi:	Aren't you gonna do something about it?
        Me: 	Talk to her, I guess. Or tell Eve.
        Naomi:	Maybe it would be best if Eve handled it.
        Me: 	(I better find out what's happening, before Eve finds out more than what she's supposed to.)
    Narr:	As you approach the house, you spot Kiara carrying what looks to be the last of the supplies toward the house.
    svi:	Hi, Kiara!
    Me: 	(Kiara is back with the supplies. And, hopefully, tortilla wraps. I'm so scared it's gonna be sandwiches all over again.)
    Me: 	(I might go check in with her after I bring the girls to Eve.)
    Eve:	Morning girls, hope you had enough sleep.
    Eve:	We have a lot to go through today.
    Eve:	Dennis, where's Emily? And I see Violet's missing as well.
    Narr:	You're about to spill the beans to Eve when you hear a nearby shrill pierce the air.
    Emily:	CHICAAAAAS, WE'RE HEEEEERE!
    Eve:	Okay, as soon as Emily and Violet join us, we can start.
    Eve:	(They better hurry, my headache is starting to flare up.)
    Narr:	As you approach the Community area, you see Emily with the girls.
    Narr:	Eve is on the patio, eagerly waiting for you to gather.
    Me: 	They still haven't started. Seems we're not too late.
    Violet:	Yes, I wouldn't want to keep Dr. Eve waiting.
    Eve:	Good, now that everyone's here, we can start.
    Eve:	(Before my headache flares up.)
    Me: 	(Shit, nobody's here. And nobody's on the dock!)
    Me: 	(They've gone on without us.)
    Me: 	Shit.
    Narr:	You bang on the door, in an attempt to make Naomi hurry up.
    Me: 	Eve's not gonna be happy about this!
    Me: 	(Even worse, she might suspect something...)
    Me: 	Naomi!
    Me: 	Hurry up!
    Naomi:	I'm being as fast as I can, you can't rush art!
    Me: 	Well, art is going to be in trouble if it doesn't hurry up.
    Narr:	After more time than you're comfortable with, Naomi comes out.
    Me: 	Finally! Let's go!
    Naomi:	You're not gonna comment on my attire?
    Me: 	Naomi, you're as beautiful as ever, but we DON'T have time for this!
    Naomi:	Dennis!
    Narr:	As you approach the Community area, you see Emily with the girls.
    Narr:	Eve is on the patio, eagerly waiting for you to gather.
    Narr:	You feel eyes locking upon you both. You can already see them jumping to all kinds of conclusions.
    Narr:	Correct conclusions, but still.
    Me: 	(I better think of something... and quickly.)
    Naomi:	Sorry to keep you waiting, Dr. Eve. I was sound asleep, Dennis barely managed to wake me up.
    Naomi:	He was a real gentleman about it and didn't rush me out of bed.
    Naomi:	And Violet knows how I get when it's too early for me in the morning.
    Violet:	Haha, so true.
    Eve:	It's okay, Naomi. You're here now, we can finally start.
    Me: 	(Naomi apparently saved my ass.)
    Me: 	(Hope Eve and Emily don't suspect anything.)
Eve:	Thank you all for joining me so we can finally start.
Eve:	Before tonight's event, and, in case anyone's forgotten, we're having an eclipse viewing party.
Eve:	I would like for everyone to join me inside for a short lecture.
svi:	*Sigh*
Eve:	I know, I know. You've all just woken up and I'm already pestering you.
Eve:	During the lecture, we'll serve breakfast and refreshments, so you won't starve.
Eve:	I'm certain I can hold your interest for some time. We have an interesting topic to discuss.
Belle:	You have my undivided attention, every time, Dr. Eve.
Me: 	(Belle is at it again.)
Me: 	(She really has a thing for Eve, almost as much as she has a thing for me.)
Eve:	I'm glad you're sincere about it, Belle.
Eve:	There will be a Q&A after the lecture, where I'm certain we'll have a wonderful discussion.
Violet:	I, for one, am looking forward to it.
Eve:	Thank you, Violet.
Eve:	Okay, if we're all ready, we can head inside...
Emily:	Do we need to participate as well?
Me: 	(Emily's finally asking the real questions.)
Me: 	If it's not required, I'm sure there's work to be done around the camp.
Me: 	Or we can help prepare for the eclipse viewing?
Eve:	It's fine, you're not obligated to be at the lecture.
Eve:	But, I think everything is prepared and ready for tonight, so both of you are free for now.
Eve:	Just don't forget to check in with me later.
Eve:	The day is still young and there's plenty to do.
Emily:	Awesome, see ya' girls later!
Me: 	I'm sure all of you will have fun. Bye!
Naomi:	(He could have stayed and kept me company...)
Narr:	You leave and find Emily waiting in front of the house. Could she be waiting for you?
Me: 	Emily? Why are you still here?
Emily:	I was thinking - *shyly* - would you like to take a stroll with me around the camp?
Me: 	(Maybe I could go with her and try to get answers about what happened this morning?)
Me: 	(But, the idea of just chilling in the house does sound tempting... I could even check on Kiara?)
    Me: 	(But, the idea of just chilling in the house does sound tempting... I could even check on Kiara?)
        Me: 	I would love to join you, Emily...
        Narr:	Emily looks so happy. You could have worded it differently, you know?
        Me: 	But I didn't sleep well, and this morning was more than tiresome.
        Me: 	So I'm gonna go and chill for a bit before we're summoned back by Eve.
            Emily:	You promised you'd spend more time with me!
            Emily:	And so far, it really feels like you're avoiding me.
            Emily:	So, I'm sorry if you find my company tiresome!
            Emily:	Didn't we have a good time at the campground?
            Emily:	Why go and be bored in the house when you can spend more time with me?
            Me: 	...
            Emily:	Ugh, fine! Forget about it, I can see you've made up your mind...
                Emily:	Don't forget I could make you go with me. But, I'd rather save that favor for later.
                Emily:	Keep that in mind, Dennis.
                Emily:	You're lucky you won that bet. Else, I could make you go with me...
        Me: 	Em...
        Narr:	And just like that, she's gone. Don't forget, you're the one who wants some peace and quiet. You crave it. You need it.
        Me: 	(With Emily gone, I'll have some quiet time at the house.)
        Me: 	(The couch looks so inviting, I could take a nap right now.)
        Narr:	You hear laughter coming from the Community Center, which instantly diverts your attention from the couch.
        Me: 	What's happening there?
        Me: 	(Hmm, I could go and take a peek at what Eve's got planned for the girls.)
        Narr:	You remember Kiara's probably somewhere in the house, maybe even in her room.
        Me: 	(Or maybe I could go and check on Kiara.)
            Me: 	(Or maybe I could go and check on Kiara.)
                Me: 	(Checking up on Eve and the girls could prove interesting, as always!)
                Narr:	You make your way to the Community Center.
                Narr:	But upon trying the main entrance, you find the door locked—the lock clicking in protest at your intrusion.
                Narr:	You hear Eve's voice coming from inside.
                Eve:	Not now!
                Me: 	(Must be important if Eve wanted privacy...)
                Me: 	(Still, what could be so important that Eve wouldn't want anyone but her and the girls participating?)
                Narr:	Your heart already races at the prospect as you get into a crouch, moving silently around the Community center.
                Narr:	It seems you will never change your ways.
                Narr:	You see Eve and the girls sitting in a circle, but you are unable to make out what they are saying.
                Me: 	(Damn, I can't hear a single thing they're saying...)
                Narr:	You linger for a moment longer, trying to read Eve's lips.
                Eve:	The psyoloial effe aer aches o erve orn ae imly agical.
                Me: 	(That doesn't make any sense...)
                Narr:	Upon further inspection, you notice that the subject at hand is something Eve is truly passionate about, the look in her eyes is that of pure excitement.
                Me: 	(She seems deeply invested in what she's talking about.)
                Me: 	(It's nice to see Eve so... excited. I wonder what else could make her have that eager look in her eyes.)
                Narr:	You jolt after that thought, as if the dirty things appearing in your mind are something you shouldn't be thinking about.
                Me: 	(It's nice to fantasize, but Eve is my boss!)
                Narr:	As much as you would like to linger on Eve, your attention shifts to the patients.
                Narr:	Your gaze falls on the distressed Stacy; the bags beneath her eyes indicating her lack of good sleep.
                    Me: 	(Stacy... She looks troubled. It makes me so angry that, just as we were making some progress, she was set back many steps.)
                    Me: 	(If only I had the chance to talk more about her dreams with her. Maybe then I would be able to help her...)
                    Narr:	Finding no use in dwelling on the matter further, your eyes shift to Belle who is keeping her hand in Stacy's lap, the tips of her fingers barely grazing the hem of Stacy's skirt.
                    Me: 	(So nice of Belle to comfort Stacy in her times of trouble. It's funny... my first impression wasn't that she's so caring.)
                    Me: 	(Well, unless sex was involved, of course.)
                    Me: 	(Stacy... She looks troubled. It makes me so angry that, just as we were making some progress, she was set back many steps.)
                    Me: 	(Maybe I should've done a checkup on her and Belle earlier.)
                    Me: 	(Argh, but I get so easily distracted!)
                    Narr:	Finding no use in dwelling on the matter further, your eyes shift to Belle who is keeping her hand in Stacy's lap, the tips of her fingers barely grazing the hem of Stacy's skirt.
                    Me: 	(With Belle, it's hard to tell if any real progress is being made, considering she always has one thing and one thing only on her mind.)
                    Narr:	Slowly, but surely, your eyes make their way to Violet, who is politely feigning attentiveness.
                    Me: 	(Violet's looking more confident by the day. I love seeing her like this, almost as much as I love seeing her naked.)
                    Narr:	Your mind drifts back to the scene of you and Violet in the showers earlier, but you quickly manage to get ahold of yourself.
                    Narr:	Slowly, but surely, your eyes make their way to Violet, who is politely feigning attentiveness.
                    Me: 	(It's a shame that a beauty, such as Violet, is having so much trouble coming into her own. Maybe I should've been more... attentive with her?)
                    Me: 	(Regardless, she is doing much better than she was when she first came here.)
                Narr:	And, finally, you move to look at the final girl of the infamous quartet.
                    Narr:	Your gaze lingers on Naomi, who, while appearing to be listening to Eve at first glance, seems to be bored out of her mind.
                    Me: 	(I guess Naomi is having problems coping without her phone. I imagine it's like a limb has been taken from her.)
                    Me: 	(Maybe I could help her with that by giving her a limb of my own–)
                    Narr:	You shake your head, as if to snap yourself out of an incoming fantasy.
                    Me: 	(Better luck next time, I guess.)
                    Narr:	Slowly, as silent as a mouse, you begin to sneak back the way you came.
                    Me: 	(I should check what Kiara's up to.)
                    Narr:	Once you're out of sight and without a worry of being caught, you casually walk back to the house and enter through the front door.
                    Narr:	Your gaze lingers on Naomi, who you notice is hiding her phone behind her crossed legs.
                    Me: 	(Woah, is she really using her phone right now?!)
                    Me: 	(Eve could catch her at any moment... and that would get both me and Naomi in trouble...)
                        Me: 	(Eve could catch her at any moment... and that would get both me and Naomi in trouble...)
                            Narr:	Your fingers begin tapping against the glass screen erratically, as you send an urgent message to Naomi.
                            Me: 	"r you crazy?!! Do you have to be on your phone right now?!!"
                            Narr:	For a moment, you wonder if this will be counterproductive.
                                Narr:	Clearly, your message doesn't discourage Naomi from being on her phone.
                                Naomi:	"I see u just can't get enough, my knight."
                                Me: 	(As expected, she is not taking this seriously enough.)
                                Me: 	"If Eve catches you, she'll know I've let you keep your phone!"
                                Naomi:	"Can't u tell she's more preoccupied with listening to the sound of her own voice?"
                                Me: 	"Naomi, be serious!"
                                Narr:	Just as you hit send on that last message, Naomi sends you an image attachment.
                                Narr:	It is a racy picture of Naomi touching herself, clearly taken earlier in the cabin.
                                Me: 	(Is this why she was taking so long to get ready?)
                                Narr:	The picture was more than enough to stiffen up your member again.
                                Me: 	(No, Dennis, focus!)
                                Naomi:	"what's the matter, my knight? Cat got ur tongue?"
                                Me: 	"ur such a tease, Naomi..."
                                Narr:	You forget about the matter entirely, thinking with a different head of yours.
                                Naomi:	"why don't u show me how much of a tease I really am?"
                                Naomi:	"And are U seriously spying on a private session?"
                                Me: 	"Come on, this is not a joke."
                                Narr:	You masterfully deflect the attention from your sneaky behavior.
                                Me: 	"If Eve catches u, she'll know I let you keep your phone."
                                Naomi:	"And if she catches YOU, she'll know you're eavesdropping and breaching patient confidentiality!"
                                Narr:	Well... she got you there.
                                Me: 	"u know, you're really making me regret letting you keep your phone."
                                Narr:	Just as you send that message, Naomi sends you an image attachment.
                                Narr:	It is a racy picture of Naomi squeezing her pale breasts together, clearly taken last night while she was alone.
                                Me: 	(Is this what Naomi got up to last night?)
                                Narr:	The picture was more than enough to stiffen up your member.
                                Me: 	(No, Dennis, focus!)
                                Naomi:	"are you regretting it now?~"
                                Me: 	"only because my pants r tighter."
                                Narr:	Once again, you manage to get your priorities straight.
                                Naomi:	"how tight?"
                                    Narr:	You feel your member eagerly pulsating as you grasp it, angling your phone's camera just right to catch it in its full glory.
                                    Me: 	(Maybe I should've majored in photography instead of psychology.)
                                    Narr:	You send your masterpiece to Naomi without much hesitation.
                                    Narr:	Upon receiving your message, Naomi's eyes widen - her tongue poking out of her lips to wet them hungrily.
                                    Naomi:	"u got a girl salivating over here :P"
                                    Narr:	The view you have of her from your hiding spot is more than adequate to see her getting flustered.
                                    Narr:	She squirms in her seat, eyes glued to the phone she has hidden behind her thigh.
                                    Me: 	"Quid pro quo is only fair."
                                        Naomi:	"c? Following orders is not so hard. I think you deserve a special reward for ur obedience."
                                        Naomi:	"In my family, we reward obedience."
                                        Narr:	This time, your phone buzzes in your hand as you receive a video attachment from Naomi.
                                        Narr:	Eagerly, you open it only to be met with the sight of Naomi pleasuring herself.
                                        Narr:	The scene reminds you of the video call the two of you had only a couple of nights ago.
                                        Me: 	(Fuck, Naomi, you never fail to get me going...)
                                        Naomi:	"if only u had listened to me more before, maybe I'd have something more to show u!"
                                        Me: 	"ur really punishing me for being ethical?"
                                        Naomi:	"really? All of this is ethical, handsome?"
                                        Me: 	"u know I try."
                                        Naomi:	"Why don't you send me another pic? Or maybe a vid?"
                                    Narr:	Your hand reaches for your cock again, opening the camera application on your phone.
                                    Narr:	You're about to glance at Naomi again.
                                    Narr:	But before you even got the chance to look at her, you are met with a shocking scene.
                                    Me: 	(Fuck, fuck, FUCK!)
                                    Narr:	You can see Eve speaking, waving the hand holding Naomi's phone as she begins to lecture the girl.
                                    Narr:	A moment passes before her finger begins to glide over the screen, reading the messages between the two of you.
                                    Me: 	(No, no, no, no!)
                                    Narr:	As if reading your mind, Naomi looks at the window you are peeking through with an apologetic look on her face.
                                    Narr:	It doesn't take long for Eve to follow, locking eyes with you through the window.
                                    Eve:	Dennis?!
                                    Narr:	You don't need lip reading skills or super hearing to understand that Eve just yelled out your name.
                                    Narr:	Instinctively, you duck.
                                    Me: 	(Fuck, maybe she didn't see me...)
                                    Me: 	(Even if she didn't, she most definitely read the messages between me and Naomi.)
                                    Me: 	(Wait... Does that mean Eve saw my cock?!)
                                    Narr:	As if reading your thoughts, your phone begins to ring in your hand.
                                    Me: 	(Fuck. I hope this is just an unfortunate coincidence.)
                                    Narr:	Gingerly, you tap your phone to answer.
                                    Narr:	Before you can say anything, you hear Eve's angry voice on the other side.
                                    Eve:	My office. NOW!
                                    Narr:	She hangs up, not allowing you to state your defense.
                                    Me: 	(Shit... I guess it was wishful thinking.)
                                    Narr:	Counting your losses, you begin to make your way to Eve's office.
                                    Narr:	You enter the Community Center, shame written all over your face.
                                    Narr:	The girls are sitting around the table, all of them looking at you. Clearly, they could barely wait for you to come in.
                                    Me: 	(Do they all know what was going on?!)
                                    Me: 	(I don't think I've ever seen Naomi this ashamed. She must feel bad she got me in trouble.)
                                    Me: 	(I guess she's not such an Ice Queen afterall.)
                                    Me: 	(Or maybe she's just sad she had her phone taken away.)
                                    Narr:	Having no strength to linger on the matter further, you approach Eve's office.
                                    Narr:	Pausing in front of the door, you briefly consider if running away would be your best option.
                                    Narr:	You can already see it... Life on the run, living from gas station to gas station, all for the sake of avoiding Eve's wrath.
                                    Me: 	(Get it together. Just relax. I'm sure you can think of an explanation for this.)
                                    Narr:	You reap what you sow, there's no backing out now.
                                    Narr:	You knock twice before entering.
                                    Eve:	Sit down, Dennis.
                                    Narr:	Judging by Eve's serious expression and posture, you can tell that the ruse is up.
                                    Narr:	She knows.
                                    Narr:	Without so much as a word, you move to sit on the chaise, squirming uncomfortably.
                                    Eve:	I believe you have a lot of explaining to do.
                                    Me: 	It's really not as it seems.
                                    Eve:	Oh, it's not?
                                    Narr:	Without giving you a chance to lay out your defense, Eve pulls out Naomi's phone.
                                    Eve:	Care to explain why your erect penis is on a patient's phone?
                                    Eve:	But, even that aside, why does she have a phone on her in the first place?!
                                    Eve:	You were supposed to make sure the girls didn't have any contraband...
                                    Eve:	And yet, here we are, in my office, with a patient's phone and your... appendage on the device.
                                    Eve:	(It's even bigger than I initially thought.)
                                    Eve:	(When did he become so... grown up?)
                                    Narr:	You find yourself at a loss for words, your exploits exposed so blatantly. Finding a valid explanation doesn't come easy to you.
                                    Me: 	Eve... I fucked up... I know I did.
                                    Eve:	That is a severe understatement, Dennis.
                                    Eve:	Tell me the truth, why is your penis on a patient's phone?
                                    Me: 	(Fuuuuuuuck.)
                                    Me: 	You take a deep breath. There was no escape for this.
                                    Me: 	The girls, Eve... They have all been coming onto me.
                                    Eve:	What?
                                    Eve:	(I should've seen it coming, Dennis is, after all, a handsome young man... with quite a tool.)
                                    Me: 	I should have known better, Eve. The guidelines are as clear as day but... they're all so hot.
                                    Me: 	Since me and Jane broke up, I have been struggling.
                                    Eve:	Yes, Dennis, but this is not the way.
                                    Me: 	Eve, don't worry, Naomi isn't going to sue.
                                    Me: 	She has grown quite fond of me.
                                    Eve:	(What is this feeling? Could it be jealousy?)
                                    Eve:	She– she has?
                                    Me: 	Yes, in fact, I think that Naomi getting so close to me has helped her treatment.
                                    Me: 	She has changed for the better.
                                    Me: 	I mean, don't get me wrong, she is still Naomi, but she is not the same Naomi that arrived to this camp.
                                    Me: 	But, me getting close to her... I think it taught her a valuable lesson about caring for others and not just thinking about herself.
                                    Narr:	It seems your little speech has left Eve speechless. For a moment, it appears that you will get away with it all.
                                        Eve:	I don't want this camp sued into the ground, Dennis, and you're certainly not helping.
                                        Eve:	First you eavesdrop on a very private session with Violet, then I find you sending nude pictures to another patient!
                                        Me: 	I know, Eve, it's ridiculous of me.
                                        Eve:	Not to mention, by letting her keep her phone, you've possibly set her treatment several steps backwards.
                                        Me: 	It seemed cruel. Cutting her away from the world, her friends.
                                        Me: 	And, with Violet, I only eavesdropped because I wanted to know more—I care about the girls, Eve, I wanted to help them.
                                        Eve:	I know you do, but you went about it the wrong way.
                                        Eve:	Not to mention, some... personal stuff of mine has been taken.
                                        Me: 	(Oh, no. She can't be talking about the sex toys, can she?)
                                        Me: 	(I knew I shouldn't have trusted Belle with them.)
                                        Me: 	Personal stuff?
                                        Me: 	What do you mean?
                                        Eve:	A box with personal belongings of mine has gone missing from my room.
                                        Eve:	You wouldn't know anything about that, would you?
                                                Narr:	Your heart's beating in your chest loudly as you are faced with the consequences of your actions.
                                                Me: 	(As much as I like Belle, I can't take the blame for this too.)
                                                Me: 	Eve, I really did not know how to tell you this...
                                                Eve:	Tell me what, Dennis?
                                                Me: 	It's Belle.
                                                Narr:	Eve looks at you, brow curving curiously upward.
                                                Narr:	Despite the situation, you've never found the woman sexier than now.
                                                Eve:	Belle?
                                                Me: 	She's been practically throwing herself at me... and two days ago she unveiled the toys– I mean, your personal belongings.
                                                Me: 	I'm sorry, Eve, I didn't want to get her in trouble...
                                                Me: 	We both know WHY she's in this camp, we can't blame her—really.
                                                Narr:	For a moment you see Eve pause, anger turning into pity. As much as she seemed embarrassed while you were telling the story, she knew you were right.
                                                Eve:	I... You're right... I shouldn't have lost my temper like that.
                                                Eve:	Out of all our patients, I think Belle's made the least progress.
                                                Narr:	Eve moves to sit down next to you, pinching the bridge of her nose.
                                                Me: 	We're on the right track with her, I believe. It's only natural that setbacks such as these happen.
                                                Me: 	No one is to blame. Not Belle, you or me.
                                                Narr:	Eve's expression gradually softens, anger subsiding into pity. That silver tongue of yours has gotten through to her.
                                                Eve:	That means you... saw them?
                                                Narr:	You feel a knot building inside your throat, unsure of how to answer the woman.
                                                Me: 	I have, yes.
                                                Eve:	And... what do you think?
                                                Me: 	(Woah, Eve hasn't been this forward in a while.)
                                                Me: 	What do I think? I think there's nothing more attractive than a woman embracing her sexuality.
                                                Eve:	Do you really think so?
                                                Eve:	Does this mean...? No, Eve, don't get your hopes up just yet.
                                                Me: 	Absolutely, girls my age are usually immature about this kind of stuff–
                                                Me: 	Well, with Belle being the exception.
                                                Narr:	At that, Eve chuckles. You note that a smile suits her much better than a frown.
                                                Me: 	(She really has the most beautiful smile.)
                                                Narr:	Your heart's beating in your chest loudly as you are faced with the consequences of your actions.
                                                Me: 	(I can't do this anymore.)
                                                Narr:	You take a deep breath, one that threatens to tear your lungs apart as the truth dances on the tip of your tongue.
                                                Narr:	Eve's iron gaze doesn't leave you for a second.
                                                Me: 	I took the keys from the kitchen.
                                                Eve:	And why, pray tell, did you do that?
                                                Me: 	(Shit, I can't exactly admit that I wanted to snoop, can I?)
                                                Me: 	They were laying around in the kitchen, just sitting in plain sight.
                                                Eve:	I wouldn't exactly say that.
                                                Me: 	Look, if I managed to find them without even trying, imagine how easy it would've been for someone who was actually looking for them.
                                                Narr:	You still don't have the balls to openly admit to your demons, it would seem.
                                                Narr:	But, all in a day's work.
                                                Narr:	Eve's gaze is still as hard as ever, but she remains silent, allowing you to state your case.
                                                Me: 	I took them, and I put them in my room—which was ransacked just last night.
                                                Me: 	Some of my own personal belongings have gone missing as well.
                                                Me: 	I really don't want to point any fingers, I am fully responsible for the keys going missing, since I was the one who moved them in the first place.
                                                Me: 	I'm really sorry, Eve, I should have known better.
                                                Narr:	At that, Eve's expression softens as she moves to sit next to you on the chaise. She pinches the bridge of her nose, letting out a deep sigh.
                                                Eve:	No, Dennis, it's my fault. It was a faulty hiding place I picked. If anyone's to blame, it's me.
                                                Eve:	It was stupid of me to blame you for something like that. You're young and still a student.
                                                Eve:	Thank you for telling me, though. I thought I was losing my mind.
                                                Eve:	The belongings that have gone missing are very... dear to me.
                                                Me: 	(I bet they are, Eve. I bet they are.)
                                                Narr:	It takes all of your self-control to shake the dirty thoughts off, stop them from clouding your senses.
                                                Narr:	Getting an erection right now would be very unfortunate.
                                        Narr:	Eve moves to sit down next to you, pinching the bridge of her nose.
                                        Eve:	This is a mess, Dennis.
                                        Eve:	If anything, I guess I should be thankful that personal belongings aren't going missing like they were when we had male patients around.
                                        Me: 	Well, I can assure you we wouldn't be having this conversation if we had male patients around.
                                        Narr:	At that, Eve chuckles. You note that a smile suits her much better than a frown.
                                        Me: 	(She really has the most beautiful smile.)
                                        Eve:	I will say, though, I'm glad you at least learned how to knock!
                                        Me: 	Come on, Eve, I'm not used to living in a house with three women!
                                        Eve:	Well, you certainly have been getting around...
                                        Me: 	(Wait... is she flirting with me?)
                                        Me: 	(I can't say I never thought of Eve in that light—especially after seeing those photos of her.)
                                        Me: 	(She is a beautiful woman, and I get the feeling she is as touch-starved as she could possibly be.)
                                        Me: 	(Maybe there's something I could do to help her.)
                                    Narr:	Eve sighs, her hand moving to the side of her temple—her index finger moving to rub the side of her head.
                                    Eve:	I know your heart, Dennis. I know you're not some weird creep.
                                    Narr:	While some of your actions beg to differ, Eve knows you well enough to make such a conclusion.
                                    Narr:	It lifts a weight off your chest.
                                    Eve:	Taking in female patients has been an experiment of mine.
                                    Eve:	I wanted to see how a camp made exclusively for women would work and function.
                                    Eve:	That being said, women are also much easier to be taken advantage of, hence the new rule in the guidelines.
                                    Eve:	If it had been anyone else but you, Dennis, they would've gotten fired with the speed of light.
                                    Eve:	But I know you... I've known you since you were practically a child.
                                    Eve:	My head has been killing me all day, which, in turn, means my neck and shoulders are tense.
                                    Eve:	I'm sorry if I lost my temper with you for a moment.
                                    Narr:	You pause, contemplating your next action.
                                    Me: 	(I know just the thing to help her.)
                                    Narr:	You get up from the chaise lounge, extending your hand towards Eve. A bold move, all things considered.
                                    Eve:	What are you doing?
                                    Me: 	You take care of us all. The girls, Kiara, Emily and me... Now let me take care of you.
                                    Narr:	Eve tenses up for a moment but soon relaxes after hearing your words, giving you a small nod of approval and taking your hand.
                                    Narr:	Your hands find their way to Eve's shoulder, pressing into them and relieving them of tension.
                                    Narr:	A small moan escapes the woman as you proceed, causing your dick to stir within your pants.
                                    Me: 	(I've never heard Eve make such sounds. She must really like it.)
                                    Eve:	(God.. He has such talented hands.)
                                    Narr:	You take the sound she makes as encouragement to increase the pressure on Eve's shoulders, pressing harder and harder.
                                    Narr:	The woman's eyes practically roll back at the sensation.
                                    Eve:	Oh, Dennis...
                                    Narr:	Yup. That's all it took to get a full-blown erection... Not like you weren't already on the verge of getting it just moments ago.
                                    Me: 	Am I pressing too hard?
                                    Eve:	No... Mmm... You're perfect.
                                    Narr:	How did you get from getting yelled at to being rock-hard because of your mentor?
                                    Narr:	Whatever the answer, there's no way you're going to complain.
                                    Me: 	(I wonder what else could make her make those sounds?)
                                    Me: 	(I guess she's even more touch-starved than I thought.)
                                    Narr:	Your hands are certainly working overtime with the pressure they are applying, but you wouldn't dare to complain.
                                    Narr:	Hearing Eve making those sounds makes it worth it.
                                    Eve:	Oh, yes. That's the spot.
                                    Narr:	You continue to massage her before your hands eventually drop.
                                    Me: 	Your head any better?
                                    Narr:	Eve's hand reaches to rub the nape of her neck, a faint blush coating her cheekbones.
                                    Eve:	Yes... Much better... It really is much better.
                                    Narr:	She clears her throat, acting like a schoolgirl who has just been caught doing something wildly inappropriate.
                                    Eve:	You may leave, Dennis.
                                    Eve:	(Get a hold of yourself, Eve. You can't rip his clothes off in here — not now.
                                    Me: 	Thanks, Eve. Sorry, once again.
                                    Narr:	Just as you get up and head for the door, Eve's hand grasps your wrist to stop you.
                                    Narr:	Her eyes scrutinize you from head to toe, lingering on your erection.
                                    Eve:	I'm not done with you, though. I can't leave this infraction... unpunished.
                                    Eve:	I think it's about time you and I have a private session of our own.
                                    Me: 	(Hang on... Is Eve really coming onto me right now?)
                                    Narr:	You stare at the dominant woman blankly, unsure of what to say.
                                    Me: 	Y-yes, Eve, I understand.
                                    Eve:	Good. We'll see exactly how well you understand later.
                                    Eve:	(I am going to eat him up.)
                                    Narr:	Eve's eyes wander up your body before tethering themselves to your own.
                                    Narr:	Their softness startling, kindling a warmth within you.
                                    Narr:	You manage a curt nod.
                                    Narr:	Finally, you begin to walk uncomfortably out of her office.
                                    Me: 	(That was too hot.)
                                    Me: 	(Dodged a bullet there. Seems I can massage my way out of things.)
                                    Me: 	(Best I keep that in mind.)
                                    Narr:	The girls are still in the Community center, gathered around their dioramas, whispering between each other.
                                    Naomi:	Is everything okay? Are you in trouble?
                                    Me: 	*Whispering* I better not linger, we'll talk later.
                                    Me: 	See you girls outside in a bit, stay here and wait for Dr. Eve.
                                    svi:	See ya' Dennis!
                                    Me: 	Well, shit.
                                    Me: 	(Guess it was only a matter of time.)
                                    Me: 	(Dunno what got me more stressed, having a session with Eve later or Eve clearly hitting on me and making me hard!)
                                    Me: 	(Maybe she could help with that boner of mine appearing every so often?)
                                    Me: 	(*Imitating Eve* "Dennis, it's perfectly normal for a man of your age to experience boners.")
                                    Me: 	("It's a sign of a healthy libido and there's nothing to be ashamed of. ")
                                    Me: 	(But I bet she could teach me things...)
                                    Narr:	You're stirred out of your fantasizing by the girls' arrival at the patio.
                                    Narr:	They're followed by Eve, with a stern look on her face.
                                    Narr:	Emily is also here, cheerful as always.
                                    Me: 	(No way, I'm not giving her the satisfaction.)
                                    Narr:	You shift uncomfortably, deciding against sending Naomi a picture of your stiff cock.
                                    Narr:	Naomi looks at you, rolling her eyes in disappointment before hiding her phone.
                                    Me: 	(I deserve a reward for the amount of self-control I display time and time again.)
                                    Narr:	Always the most self-aware of us all, you begin to sneak away from the window the same way you came from.
                                    Me: 	(I should go back. There's hardly anything interesting about watching them make paper maches.)
                                    Narr:	Taking your losses one day at a time, you sneak back the same way you came from.
                                    Me: 	(I should probably check what Kiara is getting up to.)
                            Me: 	(I really shouldn't encourage her to keep looking at it. It's better if I don't type her anything.)
                            Narr:	Eventually, Naomi truly does pocket her phone, yawning.
                            Narr:	She shifts her attention back to Eve and the paper mache she is holding.
                            Me: 	(Man, I sure am glad I'm not in their shoes right now...)
                            Narr:	Slowly, but surely, you begin sneaking back the way you came from.
                            Me: 	(I should probably go and check on Kiara instead, I'm sure she's doing something far more interesting.)
                            Me: 	(Kiara's probably in her room, doing whatever Kiara does in her spare time.)
                            Me: 	(Did she even have spare time today?)
                            Narr:	With that, and a noble idea of entertaining her with your company, you ascend to the second floor.
                            Me: 	Hey, Kiara!
                            Kiara:	Hey, Dennis.
                            Kiara:	What are you doing here? Eve doesn't have an errand ready for you?
                            Me: 	I have some free time, so I decided to see what you're up to.
                            Kiara:	I'm kinda in the middle of something...
                            Kiara:	But sure, guess you can keep me company.
                    Me: 	I don't feel like spying on the girls listening to a boring lecture.
                    Me: 	Where might Kiara be...
                    Kiara:	Hey, Dennis.
                Narr:	You got startled. Not just by Kiara, but by the thought of having the power to summon her.
                Me: 	Oh, hey, Kiara, didn't even see you sneaking up on me there.
                Kiara:	I wasn't sneaking.
                Kiara:	It's just that…
                Kiara:	You're always so preoccupied with daydreaming about the patients here, that you barely notice what's right in front of you.
                Me: 	Kiara, really... is being bitter your default state?
                Kiara:	My defau...!?
                    Kiara:	(Don't flip out on him, he did help with the supplies. Even though he can be a douche, he's a good guy overall.)
                    Kiara:	Let's just drop this, okay?
                    Me: 	Sure. Sorry for calling you bitter.
                    Kiara:	Nevermind, let's just drop it.
                    Kiara:	I've given you ample opportunities to show me you're not the guy I think you are.
                    Kiara:	And you somehow manage to screw up each time.
                    Kiara:	You're part of the reason I'm so done with all of this.
                    Kiara:	And what about you?
                    Me: 	What about me?
                    Kiara:	You were soooo kind to offer help with all the supplies I hauled from the city.
                    Kiara:	A real gentleman.
                Kiara:	What are you doing here anyways? Weren't you supposed to be with Eve and the girls?
                Me: 	They're attending Eve's lecture at the community center.
                Kiara:	They have to sit through one of Eve's boring lectures? Poor girls.
                Kiara:	They don't have any idea what she has in store for them.
                Kiara:	Do they have a workshop as well?
                Me: 	God, I hope not.
                Narr:	It's like any existing tension between you two was exorcized.
                Narr:	You were sent back in time, back to the memory when you had to endure Eve's lectures.
                Me: 	Remember when she made us do paper mache dioramas?
                Kiara:	Haha, my group had to make a diorama about making dioramas.
                Me: 	How she comes up with those, I'll never know.
                    Kiara:	You know what, Dennis?
                    Kiara:	Albeit fun, I'm tired of reminiscing here on the stairs.
                    Kiara:	I have things to do and I better get to it.
                    Kiara:	I'm sure you have some plans of your own.
                    Narr:	She waves you goodbye and goes back upstairs.
                    Me: 	(Wasn't she going downstairs? Why would she go upstairs again?)
                    Me: 	(I'll never understand girls.)
                    Narr:	A monstrous yawn catches you by surprise. It seems you really had a bad night's sleep.
                    Me: 	(I could crash on the couch for some power nap, but I'd risk someone waking me up.)
                    Me: 	(Can't say that I feel safe from that even in my room, but it's better than being here in the open.)
                    Kiara:	You know what, Dennis?
                    Kiara:	It's stupid we're reminiscing here on the stairs.
                    Kiara:	I would really like to talk with you, away from any possibly curious minds.
                    Kiara:	Would you join me upstairs?
                        Kiara:	Would you join me upstairs?
                            Me: 	(Wonder what that means?)
                            Me: 	(I'm probably reading too much into it.)
                            Me: 	Sure, what do you have in mind?
                            Kiara:	Well, since you have time to spare and you're not chaperoning any of the girls, you could keep me company upstairs.
                            Me: 	Sure, I have time. Lead the way.
                            Me: 	(Wonder what that means?)
                            Me: 	(I'm probably reading too much into it. And to be honest, I'd rather chill in my room than deal with Kiara.)
                            Me: 	Thanks, but I'm beat. Didn't sleep all too well, so I'm gonna go and get some shut-eye in my room.
                            Kiara:	Hmm, okay, whatever suits you.
                            Narr:	As Kiara is about to enter her room, she stops for a second, hesitating.
                            Narr:	Your eyes meet hers before she finally enters her room.
        Narr:	You follow Kiara inside, and you're welcomed by an almost empty room.
        Narr:	Sure, there's still a sheet on the bed, but the rest of it feels so vacant.
            Me: 	(It's even emptier this time. It's just walls now.)
            Me: 	Heh, I could swear something is different about your room.
            Me: 	I just can't put my finger on it... but it looks like I could switch rooms now.
            Me: 	Did we have a break in?! Where's all your stuff?
            Kiara:	*Laughs* No, Dennis, there was no break in.
            Me: 	*Jokingly* Are we switching rooms then? I've always liked the color palette of your room.
        Kiara:	Haha, can you imagine that?
        Kiara:	Spending your summer in this room?
        Me: 	To be honest, I'm hardly ever in my room. There's always something to do around the camp.
        Kiara:	I'm sure.
        Me: 	But, tell me you don't find it interesting how you and Emily have those pink painted walls, while my room is blue.
        Kiara:	You're looking for something that isn't there, Dennis.
        Kiara:	It's not the first and only time we're here.
        Kiara:	And, for some of us, it might be the last.
            Me: 	So, your mind is set? You're definitely leaving?
            Kiara:	As I told you, it's set. I have a job and a place to stay.
            Kiara:	Not a lavish house like this, but something that I can call my own.
            Me: 	Can't you at least stay until the girls are gone?
            Me: 	Could really use your help here.
            Kiara:	Like you needed my help so far?
            Kiara:	You're gonna be fine. You're all gonna be fine.
            Kiara:	And it's not like I'm gone already. I'm still gonna be here today.
            Me: 	Last? You're leaving us?
            Kiara:	It's time, isn't it? I feel like I've worn out my welcome here.
            Me: 	C'mon, that's nonsense. A lot of us count on you being here.
            Kiara:	I just think I'm done with all of this.
            Kiara:	There's no point in trying to convince me otherwise, Dennis.
        Me: 	We've known each other long enough, I believe you.
        Kiara:	Thanks, Dennis.
        Me: 	I would offer to help you pack, but it seems you didn't waste any time.
        Me: 	That eager to leave?
        Kiara:	Judging by the day Eve has planned, I might not have any time for it later.
        Kiara:	So, I decided to get the packing part out of the way.
        Me: 	Do you need help with anything else?
        Me: 	Or are you already one foot out the door?
            Narr:	Her hug is full of warmth. Your time together was turbulent, to say the least, but you're not one to hold a grudge.
            Narr:	Although, you'll never forget she needlessly tied you to a tree.
            Kiara:	Thanks for everything.
            Narr:	You both hold onto each other in silence for a few more moments, saying your goodbyes. You're gonna miss her.
            Me: 	I'm gonna miss you, Kiara.
            Narr:	She smiles, and you can almost see a glimmer in her eyes.
            Me: 	Don't forget to say goodbye before you go.
            Kiara:	I won't, I promise! See you later.
            Me: 	(Can't believe Kiara's leaving. It's gonna be so strange without her.)
            Me: 	(Dunno if Emily knows. That would explain her being so cheery today.)
            Me: 	(What am I thinking... Emily is always like that.)
                Me: 	(What am I thinking... Emily is always like that.)
                    Me: 	(That couch will be all mine! I'll unwind the best watching some TV.)
                    Narr:	The living room is bound to be empty.
                    Narr:	The very idea of you just lying there with something stupid on TV is making you giddy.
                        Me: 	(Simple pleasures, simple pleasures.)
                        Narr:	The living room appears empty.
                        Narr:	There's not a voice to be heard, except for the distant murmur of the girls trapped in Eve's workshop.
                        Me: 	Hello?
                        Narr:	...
                        Me: 	Fair enough.
                        Narr:	Feeling free, you jump over the couch's backrest.
                        Me: 	I lay claim to this couch!
                        Me: 	There are many couches like this, but this one is mine!
                        Me: 	Now, where's that remote?
                        Narr:	You flip the channels; nothing interesting catches your attention.
                        Me: 	(There's so many documentaries and entertainment channels.)
                        Me: 	Oh, this looks interesting.
                        Narr:	But, it wasn't. You continue flipping through the channels, in search of something entertaining.
                        Me: 	There's absolutely nothing on TV.
                        Me: 	I'm so bored...
                        Emily:	Let me entertain you then!
                        Narr:	Before you can stir out of the torpor inflicted upon you by the TV, Emily is already flying over the backrest.
                        Narr:	Straight into your lap.
                        Me: 	Oooompf!
                        Me: 	(Not this again.)
                        Emily:	Let me find something that we can watch together.
                        Me: 	(So much for my free time.)
                        Narr:	Emily is switching channels so fast, you're amazed at how she's even able to recognize what's playing.
                        Emily:	Have you watched this one?
                        Narr:	She found some teen movie playing and she's still nestled in your lap.
                        Me: 	Em... Wouldn't it be better if you sat beside me, instead of on me?
                        Emily:	Better for who?
                        Me: 	(It's like everything I say just encourages Emily further. I'll just ignore her and see what happens.)
                        Me: 	Okay, forget it then, lets just watch the movie.
                        Narr:	The movie is just another run of the mill, generic, teen romcom. You can stomach this as long as there's no singing.
                        Emily:	This is my favorite part.
                        Me: 	(Oh my god, they're singing!)
                        Me: 	(But, Em seems to enjoy this. I'd rather not ruin her fun.)
                        Me: 	(I should cut her some slack, she's actually a great girl-)
                        Narr:	Emily, as if stirred by your thought, puts her arm behind you.
                        Me: 	*Gulp*
                        Emily:	This is the boring part... (So, let's make it interesting.)
                        Narr:	Emily is slowly grinding on you and you can feel the encroaching hard-on.
                        Me: 	Emily! (Not this again!)
                        Stacy:	I apologize if I'm interrupting something...
                        Emily:	Weeeell...
                        Me: 	No, no, you're not interrupting anything, Stacy.
                        Stacy:	I'm just looking for the toilet.
                        Me: 	It's on the second floor, first door once you climb the stairs.
                        Stacy:	Thanks. Well... bye.
                        Narr:	Stacy goes upstairs and you're alone with Emily again, smiling.
                        Emily:	Sooo...
                        Me: 	So, how does the movie end?
                        Emily:	Oh, I don't know. I never managed to finish it.
                        Emily:	Hopefully, one of these days, I will.
                        Me: 	(Simple pleasures, simple pleasures...)
                        Narr:	The living room is not empty. Emily is sitting there, watching some docuseries on the TV.
                        Emily:	Hey, Dennis.
                        Narr:	An idea pops into your head. Time for payback!
                        Me: 	BOMBS AWAAAAAY!
                        Emily:	Eeeeeek!
                        Narr:	Emily manages to avoid you by a hair's breadth and you land on the couch.
                        Emily:	Haha, Dennis, you're insane!
                        Emily:	What if you landed on me?
                        Me: 	Then I would have something soft to land on.
                        Me: 	(Sorry, couch, but you're not as cozy as you used to be.)
                        Emily:	Well, you made me miss some important plot points.
                        Me: 	A plot point in a documentary? Are you serious, Em?
                        Emily:	Who says there isn't one?
                        Me: 	What are you doing here, anyways? Weren't you taking a stroll around the camp?
                        Emily:	I did. And, I've even managed to break my personal record in skipping stones.
                        Emily:	I did nine skips!
                        Me: 	I don't believe you.
                        Emily:	Believe what you want, it doesn't change the fact that I did eight skips.
                        Me: 	Ha! You just said you did nine!
                        Emily:	I'm just testing you to see if you're listening to me, Dennis. And, whether or not you're paying enough attention to me.
                        Emily:	What did you do to pass the time?
                        Me: 	Had quite an uneventful trek around the house.
                        Me: 	Did run into Kiara, though.
                        Emily:	*Frowns* Eh, who cares about her anyways.
                        Me: 	Did you know she's leaving camp?
                        Narr:	Emily's face suddenly lights up, her frown gone in a second.
                        Emily:	That's such a shame. I'm devastated.
                        Me: 	C'mon, I know you two weren't on the best of terms, but there's no need for that.
                        Me: 	You can admit you'll miss her.
                        Emily:	Miss her? Hardly. Why would I miss her always undermining me, not taking me seriously and not paying any attention to me?
                        Emily:	I'll still have you for all that.
                        Me: 	*Jokingly* Ouch, that's harsh.
                        Me: 	I better step up or I might end up like Kiara.
                        Emily:	Oh, you wouldn't want that.
                            Emily:	But, I think I know what I want.
                            Me: 	Are you sure?
                            Emily:	Mhm.
                            Emily:	Anything comes to mind about that favor I owe you?
                            Me: 	A few things come to mind.
                            Emily:	Mhm.
                        Stacy:	I apologize if I'm interrupting something...
                        Emily:	Weeeell...
                        Me: 	No, no, you're not interrupting anything, Stacy.
                        Stacy:	I'm just looking for the toilet.
                        Me: 	It's on the second floor, first door once you climb the stairs.
                        Stacy:	Thanks. Well... bye.
                        Narr:	Stacy goes upstairs and you're alone with Emily again, smiling.
                        Emily:	Sooo...
                        Me: 	So, what do you have in mind?
                        Emily:	Oh, I don't know, I don't like starting something I can't finish.
                        Emily:	Hopefully, one of these days, I will.
                    Eve:	Emily, Dennis, great that you're both here. After Stacy comes back, meet us at the Community area patio.
                    Eve:	I'll be there with the rest of the girls.
                    Me: 	Okay, Eve. We'll wait for Stacy and meet you there.
                    Narr:	Emily is silent and purposefully avoiding Eve's gaze.
                    Emily:	About—
                    Stacy:	Hey, did I just hear Eve in here? I didn't take too long, did I?
                    Me: 	Don't worry about it, Stacy. She just came to say we're all to meet with her at the patio.
                    Stacy:	Errr, you guys ready to go now, or...?
                    Me: 	Sure, we can go now (I'd rather not make Eve wait).
                    Narr:	You, Emily and Stacy make your way to the Community area and an eerie silence follows you.
                    Emily:	...
                    Me: 	...
                    Stacy:	...
                    Me: 	(What's going on? Usually, neither Emily, nor Stacy, can stop talking.)
                    Me: 	(Why are they so quiet all of a sudden?)
                    Me: 	(It's like they don't even know each other...)
                    Narr:	Your pondering over what's going on is put on hold as you get nearer to Community area.
                    Me: 	(Thank god it's a short walk.)
                    Me: 	(I should seek the sanctuary of my room.)
                        Narr:	Ah, the sanctity of your room. Wait, wasn't there a time when you found a naked girl waiting for you in bed or?
                        Narr:	Not much of a safe haven, is it?
                        Me: 	What to do, what to do...
                        Narr:	The bed looks so tempting. You could just close your eyes and drift away from any responsibilities, away from all the what if's.
                        Narr:	Or, you could play some League of Luminaries. That could be fun.
                        Narr:	Or, you could play some League of Luminaries. That could be fun.
                            Me: 	(Since I can't have a good night's sleep, I have to resort to this.)
                            Me: 	(I'm in my early twenties and going to bed around noon.)
                            Me: 	(What have I become...)
                            Narr:	You close your eyes and your mind immediately starts rewinding past camp events.
                            Narr:	Each girl invades your thoughts, teasing you.
                            Me: 	(Mmmm, Naomi...)
                            Me: 	(Belle, you naughty girl...)
                            Narr:	All the images infesting your mind are making you hard. You unzip your pants with a clear intention.
                            Me: 	(Can't sleep with a hard-on, can I?)
                            Narr:	With your cock now in hand, you continue your fantasy.
                            Me: 	(Violet, those tits of yours...)
                            Me: 	(Stacy, how can I forget that firm, tiny ass of yours...)
                            Me: 	(Hmmm, how about...)
                            Narr:	Other girls sneak into your imagination as well.
                            Me: 	(Oh. Eve. I hope you have another chore for me...)
                            Me: 	(Em.)
                            Narr:	A pang of guilt hits you. You never looked at Emily that way.
                            Narr:	But, she was always like that. A beautiful, stunning, sexy girl.
                            Narr:	She was trying to gain your affection ever since you arrived. Yet only managed to scramble your brain this morning.
                            Emily:	(Dennis, why don't you wanna spend more time with me?)
                            Emily:	(Don't you think I'm hot?)
                            Me: 	(Shiiiit.)
                            Me: 	I just can't get her out of my head.
                            Me: 	(Empty your mind, Dennis. Remember the meditation exercise Eve once taught you.)
                            Narr:	A few moments pass as you concentrate on your breathing.
                            Me: 	(Wow, it actually works. I have to thank Eve for teaching me this.)
                            Me: 	(I feel relaxed and not as tired as before.)
                            Me: 	(I feel like kicking some ass in a match, or two.)
                            Me: 	(This should be fun.)
                            Narr:	You get into the queue and, soon enough, enter a match.
                            Me: 	Ha.
                            Me: 	(Looking at their team comp, this will be an easy win.)
                            Narr:	The match starts well, both teams playing safe and not risking too much.
                            Narr:	But, you're out for blood and after an unsuccessful dive, mostly due to your misplay, put the opposing team in the lead.
                            Me: 	Dammit!
                            Me: 	Nevermind, we can still recover from this.
                            Narr:	That's what you thought.
                            Narr:	The match ended as you predicted. An easy win... for the opposing team.
                            Me: 	I'm not gonna quit until I win!!!
                            Narr:	Maybe it was because you were tired or because you called the wrong shots, but, yet another match, ended in defeat.
                            Me: 	Another one lost? What's with my teammates?!
                            Me: 	They're never there where they're needed!
                            Me: 	I'll play one more match. Gonna give it my best.
                            Narr:	Yet, another defeat. Maybe you should just - 
                            Me: 	I quit! I'm done with this bullshit!
                            Me: 	(I'm so fucking mad! At least I'm not tired anymore.)
                            Me: 	(Fuck my team, they really sucked ass.)
                    Narr:	You reckon enough time has passed and consider going to see if Eve's done with the girls.
                        Me: 	Speaking of Eve...
                        Narr:	You put the notes she gave you in the drawer. They'll be safe there.
                    Me: 	Time to go and see if I'm needed. It's usually right around the time when I'm summoned for one reason or another.
            Narr:	Her hug is full of warmth. Your time together was turbulent, to say the least, but you're not one to hold a grudge.
            Narr:	Although, you'll never forget she needlessly tied you to a tree.
            Kiara:	Could you stay with me?
            Kiara:	If you don't have anything else planned?
            Me: 	Nothing on my agenda right now. I have time.
            Kiara:	Good, I wanted to talk with you before I leave.
            Me: 	Oh no, is it gonna be one of those serious talks?
            Kiara:	Well, it might. Depends on how seriously you take this.
            Me: 	I swear to take it seriously.
            Kiara:	*Laughs* Oh, Dennis, you're so full of it.
            Me: 	No, really, all jokes aside, you know you can talk to me.
            Narr:	She looks deep into your eyes. Her light blue eyes are mesmerizing.
            Kiara:	Can I? We haven't talked much since you came.
            Kiara:	Disregarding accusations you threw at me, which, I'll admit now, were valid.
            Me: 	And, you coming up with impossible explanations.
            Me: 	'Oh, this stuff? It just magically appeared in my room.'
            Me: 	'That rope was under my bed before I got here, I swear officer.'
            Kiara:	Haha, I know, I'm terrible at improvisation when put on the spot.
            Me: 	And, terrible at lying, haha.
            Kiara:	That too... Speaking of which, I wanna clear my conscience.
            Me: 	There's no need to talk about the Forest Sucker, it's behind us now.
            Kiara:	Wait wha... the Forest Sucker? AHAHAHAHA!
            Me: 	He-he, what's so funny?
            Kiara:	Ahahahaha!
            Narr:	Kiara seems unable to stop laughing, so you decide to give her time.
            Kiara:	Oh my god, that was priceless. Forest Sucker, you say?
            Me: 	Yeah, I had to think of something and that was the first thing that came to mind.
            Kiara:	Thanks for that title, I guess.
            Me: 	But, I didn't want to talk about that.
            Me: 	You didn't? What else is there to talk about?
            Me: 	I mean, don't get me wrong, but, the whole 'tied to a tree and being sucked off' deal was the first thing I thought of when you said you wanted to talk.
            Kiara:	As you said, it's behind us. And, it's not my proudest moment.
            Kiara:	I actually wanted to talk about something that's also behind us, but which I remember fondly.
            Me: 	Is it about what we had a few years ago?
            Kiara:	Yeah, about that... What would you say we had back then?
            Narr:	And, yet again, you blurt out what comes to mind first, without weighing the possible impact of your words.
            Me: 	Fun. We had fun, didn't we, Kiara?
            Kiara:	I guess, when I look at it now.
            Kiara:	But, it wasn't just fun for me back then, you know?
            Kiara:	I had feelings for you. Feelings I never voiced. Until now.
            Me: 	Kiara, there's really no need for you to bare your soul right now.
            Me: 	I know you're leaving and probably don't want to leave things unsaid, but, it's okay.
            Kiara:	I just want to-
            Me: 	I know I'm not perfect, far from it. And, I make mistakes. More often than I would like to.
            Me: 	One of those mistakes was not talking about what we had, with you.
            Me: 	Taking it for granted.
            Me: 	I'm sorry about how I acted. That summer was unforgettable, even though I made you feel like I forgot about you.
            Me: 	I never did. And, now that you're leaving the camp...
            Me: 	I'll never forget what we had. And, I'll never forget the Forest Sucker.
            Narr:	Kiara remains silent for a while after you finish your speech.
            Narr:	You can feel she's nervous, and that's so unlike her.
            Kiara:	How about...
            Kiara:	How about we have some fun again?
            Kiara:	Kiss me.
            Narr:	Her inviting eyes are almost impossible to resist and you succumb to her request.
            Narr:	Your lips lock in a passionate kiss.
            Narr:	You can feel her breathing slowing down as she focuses on the kiss...
            Narr:	...making it last longer.
            Narr:	Her hot breath on your lips excites you.
            Narr:	Eventually, you break away from the kiss, only to start gently nibbling on Kiara's soft neck.
            Kiara:	Ohh, I like this.
            Kiara:	Mmm.
            Kiara:	I really don't mind some good foreplay.
            Me: 	With you, it's usually always straight to the point.
            Kiara:	Mhm, don't be like me then, keep at what you're doing.
            Narr:	Your tongue trails down her neck, goosebumps revealing she is pleased with what you're doing...
            Kiara:	Ohhhh...
            Narr:	As you trace your tongue just beneath her ear, your hand slips down to her thighs.
            Kiara:	*Soft moan*
            Kiara:	Dennis...
            Me: 	I love how you taste. I just can't get enough.
            Kiara:	I can't get enough of you too.
            Narr:	You kiss passionately, your hand caressing the inside of Kiara's thighs, slowly traveling upwards.
            Kiara:	Wait...
            Narr:	The look of bewilderment appears on your face, but Kiara quiets your concern.
            Kiara:	Let me get this out of the way.
            Narr:	You sit speechless, a naked beauty right next to you. You feel how she radiates warmth, making it even hotter for you.
            Me: 	Didn't we just talk about foreplay?
            Kiara:	I never said we were done with it, I just wanted to make it harder for you.
            Kiara:	And, in turn, make you harder for me.
            Narr:	She's right, you know? That boner you had just became rock solid.
            Me: 	You're doing a great job so far.
            Narr:	You touch her thigh, gently, and Kiara quivers at your touch.
            Kiara:	Uhhh, your touch-
            Narr:	She is unable to finish her thought as you slip her your tongue and continue kissing her.
            Narr:	Your hand on a steady course toward its destination.
            Kiara:	Mhmhmh.
            Kiara:	Ahhhhh, yeess...
            Me: 	You're already so wet Kiara.
            Narr:	She looks at you with barely controlled passion and slips you her tongue, kissing you forcefully.
            Kiara:	Mmmmmm.
            Narr:	Feeling how wet she is, you insert your finger inside of her. 
            Narr:	You hear a contained yelp and Kiara starts kissing you even more passionately.
            Me: 	Lie down.
            Kiara:	*Soft moan*
            Me: 	I wanna have a better look at you.
            Narr:	You lean down for a kiss and keep planting kisses as you travel downward...
            Narr:	Kissing Kiara's neck, breasts, stomach and slowly approaching her wet pussy.
            Kiara:	Dennis, you're driving me fucking nuts.
            Me: 	Good.
            Kiara:	Fuuuck me!
            Me: 	We agreed you'll have to wait for that.
            Kiara:	Just don't make me wait too long.
            Kiara:	*Moan*
            Me: 	We'll wait as long as it is needed.
            Kiara:	Why should we wai - Shiiiit!
            Narr:	You again interrupt Kiara, this time with your tongue licking her clit as you continue fingering her.
            Narr:	She's dripping all over your hand.
            Me: 	You taste magnificent.
            Kiara:	You - *Pant* - really know how to - *Moan* - compliment a girl.
            Narr:	She is clutching at the sheet, driven mad by pleasure.
            Kiara:	Don't stop! Don't stop!
            Kiara:	Yeeesss...
            Narr:	She's lost to pleasure, her tongue running almost wildly, wrestling for supremacy.
            Narr:	Your hand is still on her pussy, rubbing it with fingers slick from her juices.
            Kiara:	I can't wait any longer.
            Kiara:	I want to feel you. NOW.
            Kiara:	What a - 
            Kiara:	- magnificent cock.
            Narr:	She takes it in her hands and starts stroking it, with her tongue just inches away from it.
            Narr:	You can feel her hot breath on your cock.
            Me: 	Ugh, Kiara...
            Kiara:	What, Dennis? Wasn't it you who said that we'll wait as long as needed?
            Kiara:	You're cruel, you know?
            Kiara:	*Smiles* I know.
            Me: 	Daamn.
            Me: 	*Low grunt*
            Me: 	Fuuckk!
            Narr:	A sudden warmth and wetness envelops your cock as Kiara swallows your whole length.
            Kiara:	Ghhhhhh.
            Me: 	You really know how to suck a dick.
            Me: 	It's - fucking - Ughhhh!
            Kiara:	Mmmmmmm.
            Narr:	Kiara slowly pulls your cock out of her mouth, savoring each inch.
            Me: 	Uuuuuuuufff.
            Kiara:	Think we waited long enough.
            Me: 	I couldn't agree more.
            Narr:	You position yourself just above Kiara almost pinning her to bed.
            Me: 	Are you okay with this?
            Kiara:	Mhm, I like it.
            Narr:	You kiss her as your cock effortlessly slides inside her.
            Kiara:	*Gasps*
            Kiara:	*Moan*
            Narr:	Kiara envelops you with her legs, pushing you deeper into her.
            Me: 	Fuuuck.
            Kiara:	Yes, Dennis, yes! Fuck me!
            Me: 	You're so fucking hot. It's gonna make me cum too fast
            Me: 	I need to cool off.
            Narr:	Kiara's trying to hold you with her legs and keep you inside of her almost desperately.
            Kiara:	C'mon, Dennis, don't stop now!
            Narr:	You've almost pulled out as Kiara instantly pushes you deep into her. You both gasp in delight.
            Kiara:	Aaaaaaaaah!
            Me: 	Fuuuuuuuuck!
            Me: 	If this is what you want, I'll fucking give you what you want!
            Kiara:	I want it, I want it! Give it to me!
            Narr:	You increase the pacing, fucking Kiara zealously.
            Kiara:	Aaaah, my god! AAAAAAH!
            Narr:	Kiara's grip on you starts to dwindle as she loses control and her legs start to shake.
            Kiara:	You're gonna make me cum, Dennis!
            Kiara:	Ggggggggghhhh!
            Narr:	Her whole body starts trembling as she orgasms, releasing her hold on you.
            Me: 	Uuuuuuuuh!
            Narr:	Kiara lies on the bed, still spasming from intense pleasure. 
            Narr:	You barely managed to get your cock out, else you would be done too.
            Me: 	We're not done yet, Kiara. You still owe me for tying me up to a tree.
            Narr:	You start rubbing Kiara's clit with the tip of your still twitching cock.
            Kiara:	God fucking dammit, Dennis! Uuuuugghhh...
            Me: 	You like that?
            Kiara:	My head is still spinning and you're doing this now...
            Kiara:	It feels amazing.
            Narr:	Kiara is still shaking from the orgasm you gave her. You teasing her is not making it any easier for her to recover from it.
            Me: 	(She's so fucking gorgeous. I wish I'd have spent more time with her.)
            Me: 	You okay?
            Kiara:	Mhm, just trying to catch my breath.
            Me: 	Just tell me when you're ready.
            Kiara:	Ready for what?
            Me: 	You think we're done? I'm not letting you go that easy.
            Me: 	You're leaving the camp tomorrow and I'm not letting you go without a proper goodbye.
            Kiara:	*Moan*
            Kiara:	I'm gonna miss this cock of yours.
            Me: 	Then, I best make it memorable.
            Kiara:	It alread -
            Kiara:	Uuuuuuuggggh!
            Kiara:	You're so fucking big.
            Kiara:	I love it.
            Me: 	Then you're gonna love this.
            Kiara:	Oh my god, you're so deep.
            Narr:	Her legs are already trembling as you hold them above your shoulders. It's all the incentive you need.
            Me: 	Fuck...
            Me: 	I love fucking you.
            Kiara:	I love you fucking me!
            Kiara:	Aaaaah.
            Me: 	*Grunt*
            Me: 	*Pant*
            Me: 	You love me fucking you?
            Kiara:	YES, YES!
            Kiara:	OH MY FUCKING GOD, [m!ut]!
            Kiara:	I'VE NEVER -
            Kiara:	AAAAAAAH!
            Narr:	You feel her pussy tighten as she's nearing another climax. Your cock starts twitching in response.
            Me: 	I'm getting close.
            Me: 	I'm gonna cum soon.
            Kiara:	NOT YET PLEASE, KEEP FUCKING ME!
            Kiara:	FUCK ME!
                Me: 	Oh, I don't intend to stop...
                voice:	voice/e9KiaraSexDoggystylePosition_2d7b91a1.mp3
                Kiara:	What... What do you have in-
                voice:	voice/e9KiaraSexDoggystylePosition_e6637084.mp3
                Kiara:	-in mind?
            Narr:	You can feel her muffled screams of ecstasy resonate as her eyes roll over.
            Me: 	You're gonna cum for me?
            Narr:	Kiara just nods, completely lost in passion.
            Kiara:	*Muffled* Aaaaaaaaaaah!
            Me: 	Fuck, I'm gonna cum.
                Me: 	Fuck, I'm gonna cum.
                    Narr:	You cannot get enough of how hot Kiara feels. You remove your hand and start kissing her.
                    Kiara:	Mhmhmhm.
                    Me: 	Mmmmmmm.
                    Narr:	The passion is palpable and she pulls you into an embrace, her fingernails digging deep.
                    Narr:	She's not letting go as you finish inside her.
                    Kiara:	That was a proper goodbye.
                    Me: 	A memorable one.
                    Narr:	You pull out, Kiara's leg falling on the bed almost limp, exhausted.
                    Me: 	Fuuuuuck.
                    Kiara:	Mmmmmm.
                    Narr:	Kiara runs her two fingers across her stomach, collecting your semen.
                    Kiara:	Mmm, you taste so good.
                    Kiara:	This was a proper goodbye.
                    Me: 	A memorable one.
            Kiara:	Oh, I see.
            Me: 	You haven't seen anything yet.
            Kiara:	*Gasps*
            Me: 	You think you can take it?
            Kiara:	Mmmmm, there's only one way to fin -
            Kiara:	Fucking shit, aaaah!
            Kiara:	You're so fucking deep.
            Me: 	And you feel so fucking great, Kiara.
            Kiara:	Mmmmmm, uhhh.
            Kiara:	*Pant*
            Kiara:	I love you fucking my ass.
            Me: 	*Grunt*
            Narr:	As you pick up the pace, Kiara turns and kisses you, pushing herself further into you.
            Me: 	Shit, Kiara, you're driving me wild.
            Narr:	You take her arms and pull them backward, impaling her deeper on your cock in retaliation.
            Kiara:	Fuucking hell, Dennis!
            Kiara:	OH MY GOD, AAAH!
            Kiara:	DON'T STOP!
            Kiara:	AAAAAAAH!
            Kiara:	DON'T FUCKING STOP!
                Me: 	Oh, I don't intend to stop...
                Kiara:	What... What do you have in-
                Kiara:	-in mind?
            Me: 	I'm gonna cum soon!
            Me: 	*Pant*
            Kiara:	Me too!
            Narr:	You keep thrusting deep inside Kiara and you feel like you're about to burst.
            Me: 	Where do you want me to cum?
                Me: 	Where do you want me to cum?
                    Narr:	You're about to pull out and you feel Kiara quivering as you do.
                    Kiara:	I wanna feel you fill me up.
                    Kiara:	Fill me up with your hot seed!
                    Narr:	Her plea stops you in your tracks and you drive your cock deep inside her.
                    Me: 	Fuuuuuuck...
                    Kiara:	FUUUUUUUCK!
                    Narr:	It takes a moment for you to gather your bearings, your cock still inside of Kiara, her ass shaking in ecstasy as you finish inside of her.
                    Kiara:	Mmmmmmmh.
                    Me: 	That was fucking intense.
                    Kiara:	It really was.
                    Kiara:	I loved it.
                    Kiara:	I wanna feel your warm cum on my skin.
                    Me: 	I'm cumming!
                    Kiara:	Ghhhhhhh!
                    Narr:	Your cock starts to twitch, as if on command, and you pull out, emptying your load onto Kiara's ass.
                    Narr:	Her ass is shaking from pleasure and you can't not admire the sight.
                    Me: 	You have such an amazing ass, Kiara.
                    Me: 	Thank you for letting me fuck it.
                    Narr:	Kiara's face is still buried in the bed; she's biting on a sheet, trying to regain composure.
                    Kiara:	Than... Thank you, Dennis.
                    Me: 	This was great.
                    Kiara:	It really was.
                    Kiara:	I loved it.
            Me: 	You know, when I think about it, I don't like these pink walls that much.
            Kiara:	You serious? After what we just did, you're talking about wall palettes again?
            Me: 	What did we do?
            Kiara:	We had fun.
            Me: 	That we did. Too bad you're leaving tomorrow, though.
            Kiara:	You could always come and visit. Maybe we could have more fun?
            Me: 	You know how it is here at camp. There's hardly any free time, ever.
            Kiara:	Somebody's gotta go and get supplies now and then.
            Kiara:	*Wink*
            Me: 	Haha, you know I don't have a driver's license. It's probably gonna be Eve driving and me doing the heavy lifting.
            Kiara:	Yeah, that's Eve. She loves seeing other people beneath her.
            Me: 	Speaking of Eve, I better go and check if she's done with the girls.
            Kiara:	Shame you have to go, but I understand. I better get dressed and start prepping lunch.
            Narr:	You take one more look at Kiara, lying naked on the bed. Yeah... you're gonna miss her.
            Me: 	(Well, that was fun. And exhausting.)
            Me: 	(I could grab a glass of -)
            Emily:	Hi Dennis!
            Me: 	Eeeek!
            Emily:	Hahaha, you're such a scaredy cat.
            Me: 	Dammit Emily, don't sneak up on me like that.
            Emily:	How was I sneaking? I'm just sitting here.
            Me: 	It doesn't matter!
            Emily:	*Playfully* Where were you?
            Me: 	Upstairs?
            Emily:	Upstairs where?
            Me: 	*Sighs*
            Narr:	You masterfully deflect with a question of your own.
            Me: 	And where were you? Last I saw you, you were going out for a stroll?
            Emily:	Did a lap around the camp... I was bored, so I skipped some stones.
            Emily:	It wasn't the same without you.
            Me: 	I'm here now.
            Emily:	Yay!
            Me: 	But I kinda think we better go and see if Eve's done with the girls.
            Me: 	I promise we'll spend time together.
            Emily:	Okay. (He better keep his promise this time).
            Emily:	So, any plans for tonight?
            Me: 	Plans?
            Emily:	It's the big eclipse viewing party tonight! Have you already forgotten?
            Me: 	No, I haven't. And no plans.
            Emily:	Great, then I'll have you all to myself.
            Me: 	(This'll end well...)
            Narr:	The girls are already on the patio. Eve is eagerly waiting for the two of you to arrive.
        Me: 	Sure, I'll go with you.
        Narr:	Emily smiles wide; your heart almost skips a beat. You missed seeing her smile.
            Emily:	I almost thought about making you go with me.
            Me: 	You know you don't have to force me. I enjoy spending time with you.
            Emily:	You don't have to. You could always make me go with you.
            Me: 	No, no. You choose. I don't mind.
        Narr:	You still feel the remnants of a sleepless night, but watching Emily smile makes up for it.
        Emily:	So... Eve really interrupted us rudely, didn't she?
        Narr:	You remember this morning, the feeling of Emily's foot rubbing your crotch.
        Narr:	You laugh awkwardly, rubbing your neck.
        Me: 	Yeah, she really did.
            Me: 	I actually checked out your room after she left.
            Narr:	A shadow passes over her face. Maybe this wasn't a good idea.
            Me: 	(Should I really give her back her phone? What if she'll be mad at me?)
                Me: 	(Should I really give her back her phone? What if she'll be mad at me?)
                    Me: 	I found this. Thought you might need it.
                    Narr:	Emily looks at the phone in your hand. She is silent for a moment.
                    Emily:	My phone! I've been looking for it for ages!
                    Narr:	She takes the phone and hugs you. You hug her back. Her body is firm and warm against yours. 
                    Emily:	Thank you, thank you, thank you! You're the best!
                    Emily:	So? Why were you there?
                    Me: 	Erm, I got lost on the way back to my room.
                    Emily:	Bullshit. Come on, why were you there?
                    Me: 	(Think, think, think!)
                    Me: 	I wanted to check out what books you had. Wanted some new reading material. Psychology books got a bit old.
                    Narr:	Emily looks at you in surprise. Did she really buy it?
                    Emily:	Wow, Dennis. I'm really flattered. You should have just asked me, you know.
                    Narr:	You exhale in relief. Good thinking, there.
            Me: 	I actually went looking for Kiara in her room. She wasn't there, but a lot of her stuff was gone.
            Emily:	Really? That's odd.
            Me: 	Yeah. I think she's quitting.
            Emily:	Really? I didn't hear anything about it, though.
            Emily:	Don't worry about it.
            Narr:	You look at Emily's face. She's cute when she's jealous.
                Me: 	Did you know Kiara's looking for a new job?
                Emily:	Really? How do you know?
                Me: 	I saw that job ads were missing from the newspapers.
                Emily:	Oh, wow, I really didn't know. I'm gonna miss her a lot, for sure.
                Me: 	Oh, come on. I'm sure you will, actually.
                Emily:	What? Miss her constant nagging and treating me like a child?
                Me: 	I'm sure she's not that bad.
                Emily:	Oh, come on, Dennis. I know you guys had your thing a few years back, but you don't always have to be on her side.
                Me: 	(She knows?)
                Me: 	There's no sides, Emily. You should just be nicer to her.
                Narr:	Emily gives you a foul look.
                Emily:	I thought you understood me.
                Me: 	I do. But I understand her too.
                Narr:	To your surprise, Emily smiles.
                Emily:	I get it. I guess it's just a part of being mature, right?
                Narr:	You exhale in relief. She really did change.
                Me: 	RIght. I'm glad you got it.
        Emily:	So... where do you wanna go?
            Emily:	So... where do you wanna go?
                Me: 	I've seen enough of that campground for a lifetime now, and I bet you did too.
                Me: 	Let's rather go around the lake. It's still too early to encounter the Lady of the Lights.
                Emily:	Lady of the what now?
                Me: 	Nevermind, Em. I'll tell you about it some other time.
                Narr:	You walk to the lake. The smell of water is hanging in the air.
                Emily:	Come on.
                Narr:	She sits down on the dock with her legs dangling in the water.
                Narr:	You join her. The water is freezing, waking you up instantly.
                Me: 	Ah! I needed this!
                Emily:	Why exactly?
                Me: 	I didn't sleep well, remember?
                Emily:	Oh, right. Something about dreaming of me?
                Narr:	You smile. She's so innocent. You might as well play along.
                Me: 	(Although it would be nice to tell her about the dream. Get it off my chest.)
                    Me: 	(Although it would be nice to tell her about the dream. Get it off my chest.)
                        Me: 	(She looks so happy. It would be a shame to ruin her fantasy.)
                        Me: 	I often dream of you.
                        Emily:	Yeah? Something nice?
                        Me: 	You could say that.
                        Emily:	Oh, come on, you have to tell me!
                        Me: 	What about you? Didn't you say you dream of me?
                        Narr:	Emily looks off into the distance. She turns to you.
                        Emily:	How about this, I'll tell you one of my dreams if you tell me one of yours?
                        Me: 	(Where is she going with this?)
                        Me: 	Sure, you go first.
                        Emily:	Well, there's a forest next to my house, you know. I dreamed we were there.
                        Me: 	I guess you're feeling kinda homesick.
                        Emily:	Yeah, I guess so.
                        Me: 	And what are we doing in the forest?
                        Emily:	We're looking for a well. When I was in school everyone went up there to make out.
                        Me: 	And do we find it?
                        Emily:	Yes. After hours of searching, we find the well, hidden in a bush.
                        Emily:	We open the latch and find the well full of spring water.
                        Me: 	Sounds nice.
                        Emily:	Yeah, it is. Then we jump into it, soaking our clothes. We never get out. We stay there for years.
                        Emily:	And everytime a new couple goes up there, we smile and wish them luck.
                        Emily:	They call it The Lovers' Well.
                        Me: 	(Wow. I didn't take Emily for such a romantic.)
                        Me: 	I'd love that, Em.
                        Emily:	You would?
                        Me: 	Yeah. It would be just ours. Our own thing.
                        Emily:	Guess it's your turn.
                        Me: 	Oh, I don't know...
                        Emily:	Oh, come on! We had a deal!
                        Me: 	Alright, alright...
                        Me: 	(Come on, Dennis, think!)
                        Me: 	I dream we're standing in a meadow. The sun, a big white globe in the sky, enveloping us with yellow ribbons of light.
                        Narr:	Emily looks entranced by your story. Good thinking, Dennis.
                        Emily:	What happens then?
                        Me: 	A pack of wild dogs leaps out of the forest.
                        Emily:	That sounds beautiful, Dennis. You know what that means?
                        Me: 	No, what does it mean?
                        Emily:	Wild dogs represent a longing to belong, for loyalty. And, in your dream, you saw them with me.
                        Me: 	Huh. So you think I want to belong here?
                        Narr:	Emily looks at you from under her eyelashes. She's beautiful.
                        Emily:	Well, do you?
                        Narr:	You think about it. You think about Kiara leaving, and how it hurt her not telling you.
                        Me: 	I guess I want to belong, but I don't know if I do.
                        Emily:	Didn't Eve ask you to be a part of the sessions?
                        Me: 	Yes, she did.
                        Emily:	Seems to me you belong here more than me. I just run errands.
                        Me: 	Don't be like that. You're an important part of this!
                        Emily:	You really think so?
                        Me: 	Sure! Who else would tell me about the difference between amphibians and reptiles and what my dreams mean?
                        Emily:	You're really sweet, Dennis.
                        Me: 	Well, actually... I dreamed of Stacy again.
                        Narr:	Emily looks down. She seems disappointed.
                        Emily:	Really? What about?
                        Me: 	She was in a tight red dress...
                        Narr:	Emily looks at you. You should have worded it differently.
                        Me: 	And her eyes were red. She was standing in front of a waterfall.
                        Narr:	Emily's eyes clear up. She looks thoughtful.
                        Emily:	A waterfall? Really?
                        Me: 	Yeah? Why?
                        Emily:	Well... Dreaming of a waterfall means your perception is changing.
                        Emily:	Means you are about to undergo important emotional changes.
                        Me: 	Really? Emotional changes?
                        Emily:	Yes. Do you know what that could be?
                        Me: 	I really don't know. Maybe it could be with regard to...
                        Emily:	Yeah?
                            Me: 	(This could have something to do with Violet and our night together.)
                            Me: 	This could have something to do with Belle.
                            Me: 	(I better not tell her that though.)
                            Me: 	This could have something to do with Naomi.
                            Me: 	(I better not tell her that though.)
                        Me: 	I think it might have something to do with you.
                        Narr:	Emily looks surprised. She didn't expect this.
                        Emily:	With me? Really?
                        Me: 	Yes. Hanging out with you every day...It stirred something in me.
                        Emily:	Yeah?
                        Me: 	Yeah. You mean a lot to me. You know that?
                        Emily:	I guess I do.
                Narr:	You stare into her eyes. The moment seems to last forever. She is so beautiful.
                Narr:	You look down to her lips. She seems to be inching closer.
                Me: 	(Oh fuck, do I really want to do this?)
                Narr:	You stand up quickly.
                Me: 	Come on, let's do something.
                Narr:	Emily stands up. She looks disappointed.
                Emily:	Like what?
                        Me: 	How about we skip some stones? That's something you always enjoyed doing.
                        Emily:	Sure, I don't see why not.
                        Me: 	You know where all the best rocks are, don't you?
                        Narr:	She smiles as you say that, stroking her ego.
                        Emily:	Of course I do!
                        Emily:	I'll be right back.
                        Me: 	Wow, you're fast!
                        Emily:	Heh, I'll show you how it's done.
                        Emily:	Three! Alright! It isn't nine, but it's something!
                        Narr:	She turns to you. She looks at you with a challenging expression.
                        Emily:	Let's see what you got!
                        Narr:	You look at the stones in your hand.
                        Narr:	You could throw them gently, or hard.
                            Narr:	You could throw them gently, or hard.
                                Me: 	(Better to throw it gently. You never know.)
                                Narr:	You smile in victory. Emily pouts.
                                Emily:	Oh, come on! That isn't fair!
                                Me: 	You just say that because you lost.
                                Emily:	Best of three?
                                Me: 	You got it, captain.
                                Me: 	(Emily is looking. I better throw it harder.)
                                Me: 	Oh, come on!
                                Narr:	Emily laughs. She won.
                                Me: 	Best of three?
                                Emily:	You got it, captain.
                        Emily:	Guess I just have bad luck today.
                        Me: 	Guess so.
                        Narr:	You pick up another stone. You could throw it up into the air or straight into the water.)
                        Me: 	(Guess I better throw it straight into the water.)
                        Narr:	You angle the stone and throw it into the lake in a straight line.
                        Me: 	Heh. Guess that worked.
                        Emily:	Ah, man! I was really hoping you would fail!
                            Me: 	You're such a sore loser.
                            Emily:	I'm not! You just got lucky!
                            Narr:	Emily looks genuinely disappointed. You feel bad for her.
                            Me: 	Come on, you still have one more try.
                            Emily:	I'll smoke your ass, Dennis!
                            Narr:	You laugh.
                            Me: 	We'll see about that.
                            Narr:	She looks at you with glee.
                            Emily:	Beat that, Dennis!
                            Me: 	(Fuck, it seems she won this round.)
                            Me: 	Hey, hey, I still have a go.
                            Emily:	No. Fucking. Way.
                            Narr:	You laugh and jump into the air.
                            Me: 	Fuck yeah! I win!
                            Narr:	You take a look back at Emily. She looks genuinely disappointed. You feel bad for her.
                        Me: 	Hey, come here.
                        Emily:	Huh?
                        Me: 	Just come here.
                        Narr:	You pull Emily into a hug. She's warm.
                        Me: 	Want me to make it better?
                        Narr:	Emily smiles into your shoulder. This is nice.
                        Narr:	She kisses you on the cheek. Your arms bring her in closer
                        Narr:	Emily pulls out from your hug. You look at her.
                        Emily:	I missed you, Dennis.
                        Narr:	Your heart stirs up. Does she really mean it?
                        Emily:	I know we didn't hang out a whole lot this year, but I genuinely feel good around you.
                        Emily:	You treat me differently from others around here. It's like you see me, the real me. Not just a little girl.
                        Me: 	You're not a little girl anymore, Emily. You're special.
                            Emily:	And beautiful, huh?
                            Narr:	She blushes, almost like she can't believe you said that.
                            Me: 	Yeah, I guess you are. Don't let it get to your head, though.
                            Emily:	*Giggles* Depends if you keep flattering me.
                            Emily:	You really mean that?
                            Me: 	Yes, I do.
                            Narr:	Emily smiles shyly. It seems your compliment really meant something to her.
                        Emily:	We should get back. Eve probably needs us.
                        Me: 	You're right. Let's go.
                        Me: 	Can't believe I beat you at your own game.
                        Me: 	Even though both of us sucked this time.
                        Emily:	Yeah, only 4 skips...
                        Emily:	And my personal best is 7.
                        Emily:	Rematch?
                        Me: 	Sure, if we get some time to spare.
                        Emily:	Already finding excuses?
                        Me: 	I'd rather not promise something before we find out what Eve has in store for us.
                        Emily:	True, true.
                        Me: 	We'll find out soon enough.
                        Narr:	You approach the Community area, only to see Eve with the girls.
                        Narr:	All of them are eagerly awaiting your arrival.
                        Narr:	You walk to the gazebo. Memories of previous encounters are fresh in your mind.
                        Me: 	(Hm. This is where I had the session with Naomi and Violet.)
                        Me: 	(Seems like a lifetime ago.)
                        Narr:	You sit down. Emily smiles at you.
                        Me: 	You know, I had a therapy session with Naomi and Violet here.
                        Emily:	Oh, right. Eve told me about that.
                        Me: 	Yeah? What did she say?
                        Emily:	She said you can really hold your ground.
                        Me: 	Wow, that's nice to hear. I thought I was awkward.
                        Emily:	You shouldn't doubt yourself like that. You're the first apprentice that Eve has asked to work with her.
                        Me: 	Huh, I guess. I'm not that experienced though. Not like Jane.
                        Narr:	A shadow passes across Emily's face. You probably shouldn't have mentioned her.
                        Emily:	You mean your ex-girlfriend?
                        Me: 	Yeah. She worked two months at an institution for the criminally insane. I really admire that.
                        Emily:	Do you still miss her?
                        Narr:	You think to yourself. With everything that's been happening, you haven't had any time for yourself.
                        Narr:	Do you really miss her?
                            Narr:	Do you really miss her?
                                Me: 	I do. I know we broke up, but it's not like you just stop caring about a person overnight.
                                Me: 	I can still feel remnants of her presence in my life.
                                Emily:	Yeah? Like what?
                                Me: 	I don't know. Just how she talked and stuff. How she smiled...
                                Emily:	Her perfect tits?
                                Me: 	Hey! I miss all of her!
                                Emily:	I know, I know, I'm joking.
                                Emily:	You did mention how she has perfect tits the first day you were here. Not too big, not too small...
                                Narr:	You think to yourself. You can kind of remember what Emily is talking about.
                                Emily:	You said mine were perfect too.
                                Me: 	I did not!
                                Emily:	You so did, though!
                                Me: 	Fine, fine. Sure, they're not bad.
                                Emily:	You really think so?
                                    Me: 	Yes, I told you, you're beautiful.
                                    Emily:	Oh, come on, stop with the flattering.
                                    Narr:	Contrary to her words, she smiles wide. Bingo.
                                    Me: 	I'll stop when it gets into that pretty head of yours.
                                    Emily:	*Giggle* You really are sweet with words, you know that?
                                    Me: 	I might have heard that a couple of times...
                                    Me: 	Yeah. It's really nice hanging out with you, too. Gives me a break from the patients.
                                    Narr:	Even though you meant it as a compliment, you can see a flicker of doubt in Emily's eyes.
                                    Emily:	So you're only hanging out with me to get away from them?
                                    Me: 	No! Not at all. I just think it's a nice change, that's all.
                                    Narr:	An uncomfortable silence falls upon you. Think, Dennis, quick!
                                    Me: 	You're really good company, too. Your energy is radiant, it's like a shot of coffee.
                                    Narr:	To your disbelief, Emily smiles.
                                    Emily:	That's really corny, Dennis, but I'll take what I can get.
                                    Me: 	Don't get used to it.
                                    Emily:	Wouldn't dream of it.
                                Narr:	You stare deep into Emily's eyes. She seems to be inching closer.
                                Narr:	You lean forward and close your eyes. You meet in the middle, your lips closing in on a kiss.
                                Me: 	Better?
                                Narr:	Emily laughs. It's nice hearing her laugh.
                                Emily:	Shut up, you wanted that too.
                                Me: 	And what if I did?
                                Narr:	Emily looks at you. It's almost as if she's entranced by your words.
                                Me: 	I don't miss her. There's so much going on, I hardly have the time.
                                Emily:	How long were you together?
                                Me: 	A couple of months, before she went to the asylum.
                                Me: 	It wasn't that serious, I guess. Still, she meant something to me.
                                Narr:	You look at Emily, expecting her to be jealous. Surprisingly, you only see compassion on her face.
                                Emily:	Even though you broke up, it's still nice. Having someone to be sad about.
                                Narr:	You smile. She makes even uncomfortable things sound good.
                                Me: 	Thanks, Emily, I really appreciate that.
                                Narr:	A moment of comfortable silence passes between you two.
                                Me: 	Do you have someone to be sad about?
                                Emily:	*Chuckles bitterly* You could say that.
                                Me: 	What, he doesn't like you back?
                                Emily:	How do you know it's a he?
                                Narr:	You stare blankly at her. No fucking way.
                                Me: 	You're telling me you fancy one of the girls here?
                                Emily:	*Giggles*. Of course not, silly. I was just teasing you.
                                Emily:	I guess I'm just afraid he still sees me as a child.
                                Me: 	Maybe you should show him how mature you are.
                                Emily:	I don't know if I am, though.
                                Narr:	You stare at her. She looks sheepish, like she didn't mean to say something so honest.
                                Narr:	You don't know what to say.
                                Narr:	You take her hand in yours and squeeze it. Emily looks at you. This seems to be enough.
                        Narr:	You stand up, suddenly remembering what Eve said.
                        Me: 	We should probably head back to the Community area. Eve probably needs us.
                        Emily:	You're right. Let's go.
                        Emily:	I'm so glad we had this talk Dennis.
                        Me: 	Me too, Em.
                        Me: 	Even though it went to places I didn't think it would.
                        Emily:	What do you mean? There is still plenty to explore.
                        Emily:	You still don't know that much about me.
                        Emily:	Nor do I about you.
                        Me: 	What do you mean? I'm an open book.
                        Emily:	An open book that's hard to read.
                        Me: 	Nah. I'm super easy.
                        Emily:	That's what she said, haha!
                        Emily:	You just set yourself up.
                        Me: 	Wait, I thought we had a moment there?
                        Emily:	Oh, don't worry about it Dennis.
                        Emily:	*Winks* There will be plenty of moments.
                Me: 	With all the girls gone, I think the campground is quiet and secluded right now.
                Emily:	Secluded? (What does he have in mind?)
                Me: 	You know what I mean, Em. It's gonna be nice to have some quiet, alone time with you.
                Me: 	It's crazy how fast this summer's gonna end.
                Emily:	Yeah? Gonna miss me?
                Me: 	I actually will, though. Who's gonna keep me on my toes all the time?
                Emily:	*Giggles* Well, when you put it like that...
                Emily:	Although, I'm sure you'll find some other girl to entertain you.
                Me: 	I don't know about that. Girls at my college aren't really into guys like me.
                Emily:	Huh. That's weird. I wonder what it will be like at my college.
                Me: 	I never asked you what you'll major in.
                Emily:	Oh, I guess you didn't. It's too early to decide but I'll probably choose Biology.
                Me: 	Biology? That's great! What are you gonna be, a botanist?
                Narr:	You were just joking, but when you look at Emily, it seems that she's serious.
                Emily:	I'd like that quite a lot, actually.
                Me: 	Yeah, what's your favorite flower?
                Narr:	Emily looks at you sheepishly. She's embarrassed.
                Emily:	I guess a moonflower. It only blooms at night. And it’s got these big white petals, it’s beautiful.
                Me: 	I guess you’re kinda like a moonflower, huh?
                Emily:	What do you mean?
                Me: 	Well, there are a lot of girls here, and I’ve been hanging out with them loads.
                Me: 	It seems I have neglected you. But here you are, blooming when I’m not looking.
                Emily:	Thank you, Dennis. It's nice that someone sees me.
                Narr:	You put your arm over her shoulders as you're walking. She seems to like this.
                Narr:	Emily's eyes flash with mischief as she spots the girls' cabins in the distance.
                Emily:	Hey, you wanna take a peek into the cabins with me?
                Emily:	See if we can find any fun contraband?
                        Narr:	You arrive at the campground, the heat taking you by surprise.
                        Me: 	God, it's like a thousand degrees out here.
                        Emily:	And no shade anywhere.
                        Me: 	I don't know how the girls take it.
                        Narr:	There are remnants of a campfire on the ground. Fond memories of past events flood your mind.
                        Me: 	You know, I was here with the girls, telling stories, a few days back.
                        Emily:	Oh really? You always get free time with them.
                        Narr:	Emily crosses her arms and pouts. Is she jealous?
                        Me: 	Aw, you wanted to bond with them too, huh?
                        Emily:	I did, actually. I like them quite a lot.
                        Me: 	Yeah? Who do you like the most?
                        Emily:	I guess that Violet and Naomi warmed up to me the most. I didn't spend a lot of time with them, though.
                            Me: 	(Naomi, huh? I hope she didn't say anything about our time together. Emily might not take it lightly.)
                            Me: 	(Violet, huh? I hope she didn't say anything to Emily about what we did.)
                            Me: 	(It wouldn't be like her, anyway. But then again, the two of them have become friends rather quickly)
                        Me: 	I'm sure you'll get some more time with them. They're nice girls.
                        Emily:	I'm sure you think that. They're all so enamored with you.
                        Me: 	Enamored is maybe too much. And there's no reason to be jealous.
                        Emily:	There's not?
                        Narr:	You look at Emily. You can see on her face she's surprisingly earnest.
                        Me: 	I don't think there is. I've known you for a lot longer, after all.
                        Narr:	Emily snorts. There is a self-deprecating look on her face.
                        Emily:	Sure, since I was a little girl.
                        Me: 	Hey, we had lots of fun together!
                        Emily:	Remember when we fell into the lake together? You almost got pneumonia!
                        Me: 	Yeah, and you had to baby me for a few days.
                        Emily:	Cooking you all sorts of soups and get-well meals. I wouldn't mind doing it again.
                        Me: 	Emily, no offense, but you are the worst cook I have ever encountered. You almost poisoned me.
                        Emily:	Hey! Talk about gratitude!
                        Narr:	Emily crosses her arms and pouts. Your heart almost melts seeing her puppy eyes.
                        Me: 	Oh, come here.
                        Narr:	You extend your arm, and she doesn't need any further encouragement to move closer to you.
                        Narr:	You rest your arm over her shoulders.
                        Me: 	Come on, let's check out the cabins.
                                Me: 	Let's go check out Naomi and Violet's cabin. There has to be something fun there.
                                Emily:	Sounds like a plan!
                                    Me: 	(Hm, those girls sure take up most of my thoughts these days. Let's see if I can find out more about them.)
                                    Me: 	(Each time I see something different in Naomi. I wonder how much more I can find out.)
                                    Me: 	(She sure is an interesting character, that girl...)
                                Narr:	You walk into the cabin with Emily, watching the rays of light coming in through the windows.
                                    Narr:	Fresh memories of Naomi's skin assault your mind.
                                    Narr:	The sounds she made...
                                    Narr:	How she sucked you off... Naomi - the girl that always seemed so stuck up.
                                    Me: 	(I can't believe I fucked her mouth.)
                                    Me: 	(I guess I got knighted...)
                                    Narr:	You like this memory.
                                Narr:	You keep walking around the cabin, trying to keep cool; suppressing the memories that flood your mind.
                                Narr:	You know your way around this cabin so while you're already here...
                                Narr:	You might as well check the desk, open some drawers and maybe look what's in the bag.
                                Narr:	There's absolutely nothing wrong in that. 
                                        Narr:	You approach Naomi's desk and spot a notebook. Could this be the short story collection she's writing?
                                        Narr:	You pick it up, notice Naomi's signature on the cover.
                                        Me: 	(Huh, lots of KEEP OUT messages, maybe I shouldn't snoop so much.)
                                                Narr:	You open the notebook, skimming past some diary entries. Your eyes settle on the page titled RedFalls. You start reading.
                                                Me: 	('The first thing I noticed at camp was the smell. It was the smell of heat, the smell of dust and the earth.')
                                                Me: 	('The ground was incandescent, the air was glowing with light, the sun's radiation causing a sheen of sweat slicking our skins.')
                                                Me: 	('He was there too. He wore a white shirt and blue jeans.')
                                                Me: 	(Huh, could this be about me?)
                                                Me: 	('The first thing I noticed was how he wasn't intimidated by my looks or my wealth.')
                                                Me: 	('To him I was just one of the patients. It caught me off guard.')
                                                Narr:	Huh. You never thought about Naomi's first impression of you.
                                                Me: 	(I guess I was the first person that didn't immediately succumb to her charms.)
                                                Narr:	You smile as you put down the notebook. Naomi is really talented.
                                                Me: 	(I really shouldn't.)
                                        Narr:	You look around the room. There has to be something else to discover in this room.
                                        Narr:	You open Naomi's drawers. Your gaze lands on lots of underwear and designer clothes.
                                        Narr:	As you rummage through her drawers, you find a pack of cigarettes.
                                        Me: 	(Huh, I wonder where she got those. Maybe she stole them from Eve.)
                                        Narr:	You can just picture it, Naomi sneaking behind the cabins, puffing on a cigarette as she's bursting with ideas for short stories.
                                        Narr:	You smile. You've grown quite fond of her.
                                        Me: 	Look at this.
                                        Emily:	Wow, that's crazy. Wanna smoke some?
                                        Me: 	I don't know, Em, we're gonna stink up the room.
                                        Narr:	Emily pouts, but lets it go as you put the cigarettes back where you found them.
                                        Me: 	(Hm, what else, what else...)
                                        Narr:	You open the bags by the bed. They seem to be Violet's.
                                        Narr:	Your gaze lands on gym clothes, exercise equipment and a book.
                                        Narr:	You take the book out, the title reading: The maid and the dwarf.
                                        Me: 	What is this? A fantasy book?
                                        Emily:	Oooh! Let's see.
                                        Narr:	Emily starts flipping through the pages. She settles on a page and starts reading out loud.
                                        Emily:	‘‘So you've come to see me?' she said, leaning on the balcony. ‘Don't be so conceited. I only came to see the princess.'
                                        Emily:	‘‘Urgent business.' he said, looking up. He didn't want her to know how much he ached for her.‘
                                        Me: 	A romance book. How cute.
                                        Emily:	Let's see if we can find some porn in here.
                                        Me: 	Emily! You can't say that word!
                                        Emily:	Oh, come on, don't be so PC!
                                        Narr:	After flipping through the book for a couple of minutes, she hands it back to you, disappointed.
                                        Emily:	Nothing. No sex.
                                        Me: 	Come on, of course there isn't. It's Violet's.
                                        Emily:	What's a good book without sex, huh?
                                        Narr:	Emily places a hand on your shoulder as you put the book back where it belongs.. This feels good, fooling around with her.
                                Emily:	There doesn't seem to be much else around here.
                                Me: 	Yeah, you're right.
                                Emily:	Wanna go to the other cabins? Or to the gazebo?
                                    Emily:	Wanna go to the other cabins? Or to the gazebo?
                                        Me: 	Let's check out cabin 2. See if we can find anything among Belle's stuff. There's bound to be something fun there.
                                        Me: 	Hmm, you know what? Let's check out cabin 3. It's supposed to be empty, but I haven't been there in a while. Maybe Eve's planted something fun there.
                                        Me: 	I'm kind of tired of snooping. Let's just chill in the gazebo.
                                Me: 	Let's check out Stacy and Belle's cabin. There's bound to be something fun there.
                                Me: 	Belle's pretty much a walking Pandora's box.
                                Emily:	I think you might be onto something, let's go!
                                    Emily:	*Giggle* This is bound to be good.
                                    Me: 	Oh, you have no idea.
                                    Emily:	What? Have you dug through their stuff before?
                                    Me: 	Not since the first day frisk, but come on...
                                    Me: 	It's Stacy and Belle. Who knows what we'll find.
                                    Emily:	I know, why do you think I'm all giddy?
                                    Narr:	Emily seems like a kid on Christmas morning, about to open her presents.
                                    Emily:	Belle's side first!
                                        Emily:	I'm tempted to steal some of her stuff, but it's all so small!
                                        Emily:	Dennis, you have to see this, you won't believe me otherwise.
                                        Me: 	(Shit, I know exactly what she's found.)
                                        Me: 	That girl is truly insatiable...
                                        Emily:	Do you think Eve knows she has that?
                                        Me: 	Maybe? *shrug*
                                        Me: 	You wouldn't take someone's comfort toy away, would you?
                                        Emily:	Ew, why would you call it that?!
                                        Emily:	I think I better stop digging before I get even more traumatized.
                                        Emily:	I'm tempted to steal some of her stuff, but it's all so small!
                                        Me: 	I feel like she wears clothes a size too small on purpose.
                                        Emily:	Oh, she definitely does.
                                        Emily:	More power to her, honestly. I wish I had her confidence.
                                        Me: 	Nah, she could actually learn a few things from you about humility.
                                        Emily:	Oh, you're just saying that.
                                        Me: 	No, I...
                                        Emily:	Wait, I have an idea.
                                    Me: 	What now?
                                    Emily:	Hm, let's see...
                                    Emily:	If I were Belle, where would I...?
                                    Emily:	Ha! I know!
                                    Me: 	(Now, where have I seen this one before?)
                                    Narr:	A few seconds of rummaging later, you hear a voice from under Belle's bed.
                                    Emily:	Dennis, you better call me a freaking genius.
                                    Me: 	Why?
                                    Me: 	Oh, so that's where she keeps it!
                                    Emily:	You knew she had booze?!
                                    Me: 	Yeah, she shared. What's it to you?
                                    Emily:	You really are full of surprises, Dennis.
                                    Emily:	My guess would have been that you would've snitched.
                                    Me: 	When was I ever a snitch?!
                                    Emily:	I don't know, you always had that whole goody-two-shoes vibe about you.
                                    Me: 	Ha! No, I just liked getting those teenage delinquents in trouble with Eve.
                                    Narr:	Emily seems delighted with your new bad boy attitude.
                                    Emily:	Okay, okay, noted.
                                    Emily:	I really hope she didn't boobytrap her stuff.
                                    Me: 	It honestly wouldn't surprise me.
                                    Narr:	Emily gingerly opens the top drawer of Stacy's nightstand.
                                        Emily:	Oh, shit!
                                        Emily:	I'm surprised she didn't burn the whole camp down with us inside it by now.
                                        Me: 	I don't think she's actually an arsonist.
                                        Me: 	A pyromaniac for sure and a fanatic, but a full on arsonist?
                                        Emily:	Maybe we didn't make her angry enough yet.
                                        Me: 	Maybe.
                                        Emily:	Well, touching her stuff isn't gonna make her happy or less likely to burn us all, so...
                                        Me: 	Ooookay, changing the subject.
                                        Emily:	Wow, I don't know what I expected, but this is just strange.
                                        Emily:	Woah.
                                        Me: 	What?
                                        Emily:	Aren't you shocked? Not even a little bit?
                                        Me: 	No, this is all standard stuff for Stacy.
                                            Emily:	You seem pretty casual about this.
                                            Emily:	Maybe you two did some occult studies together...
                                            Me: 	Nope, I have enough problems in my life without joining a cult, thanks.
                                            Emily:	I suggest you start locking your window at night, then.
                                            Emily:	She seems hellbent on recruiting you.
                                            Me: 	Yikes!
                                            Emily:	Oh, really? And what was Stacy doing in your room, huh?
                                            Me: 	I was helping her with something.
                                            Emily:	Oh, bullshit, who are you trying to fool, me or yourself?
                                            Me: 	Certainly can't fool you
                                            Me: 	You watched the whole damn time, didn't you?
                                            Me: 	I mean, I knew you were a little freak, but that's just perverted.
                                            Emily:	Well, if you're getting your rocks off with a patient, why wouldn't I have some fun, too?
                                            Me: 	Uhm.
                                            Me: 	Thought you were gonna at least try to deny it?
                                            Emily:	I thought the same for you, but you basically just admitted you fucked Stacy.
                                            Me: 	(Oh, fuck. I might be stupid.)
                                            Emily:	Don't worry, I won't tell if you won't.
                                            Me: 	Still feels wrong that you watched me like that.
                                            Emily:	Well, feel free to return the favor. It's only fair.
                                            Me: 	(Did she just really...)
                                            Me: 	Okay, nevermind, changing the subject!
                                    Emily:	Yeah, yeah...
                                    Emily:	Where should we go next then?
                                        Emily:	Where should we go next then?
                                            Emily:	Sooo.
                                            Emily:	Wanna go break into the third cabin?
                                            Me: 	Why? There shouldn't be anything there.
                                            Emily:	Exactly! Imagine if there is...
                                            Me: 	What? Like a ghost that decided to camp out there?
                                            Emily:	Who knows... Let's go!
                                            Me: 	As much as I would like to chill a little, maybe it's time to get back to the house?
                                            Me: 	I think I can feel Eve summoning us.
                                            Emily:	Haha, like some wicked witch?
                                            Me: 	I wouldn't go that far, but sometimes I do think she has powers.
                                            Me: 	So we better not risk incurring her wrath.
                                            Emily:	When you put it like that, suuure, let's head back.
                                            Me: 	Well, there are some things I'd rather not remember seeing.
                                            Emily:	C'mon, it wasn't that bad. I was expecting far worse things.
                                            Emily:	(And was pleasantly surprised by some as well.)
                                            Me: 	And I don't have to remind you that we need to keep quiet about this.
                                            Me: 	What we did and what we saw.
                                            Emily:	Like we did anything, we just browsed through some stuff.
                                            Me: 	Patients' private stuff, Em. Eve wouldn't take kindly to that.
                                            Emily:	As I said. Wicked Witch of the West.
                                            Me: 	Careful she doesn't hear you.
                                            Emily:	I just realized what you are!
                                            Emily:	Hahaha!
                                            Me: 	What's so funny all of a sudden?
                                            Emily:	If Eve's the wicked witch, you must be her flying monkey servant, haha!
                                            Me: 	*Sneers* (I'm not a monkey)
                                            Narr:	The thought of you flying through the air as a winged primate turns that sneer into a smile.
                                            Me: 	Okay, Em, enough monkey business.
                                            Emily:	Oh my God, Dennis, ahahaha!
                                            Narr:	You approach the Community area, only to see Eve with the girls. All of them are eagerly awaiting your arrival.
                                Me: 	Hey, I know it's mostly empty, but let's check out the third cabin. I haven't been there in a while.
                                Emily:	Who knows what mysteries await us! Let's go.
                                Narr:	The door creaks as you and Emily enter the vacant cabin. Specks of dust float through the air as a testament to its vacancy.
                                Emily:	Remember the stench of the cabins when we had boys staying at the camp?
                                Me: 	How could I forget?
                                Narr:	Emily giggles, hopping around the creaky floor as she looks around.
                                Emily:	It's something I don't miss!
                                Emily:	I think you could even say it's the main reason why having female patients is so much better.
                                Emily:	(Lest we forget that all of his attention has been on them and not me!)
                                Me: 	Yeah, among other things.
                                Me: 	Have you ever been here before?
                                Emily:	There's hardly anything interesting about an empty cabin, silly!
                                    Me: 	Heh, you'd be surprised!
                                    Emily:	What? Have you been here before?
                                    Me: 	Come on, Em, look around you!
                                    Narr:	You motion with your open palms like a presenter, spreading your arms wide as you gesture at the dusty space.
                                    Me: 	Tell me, Em, does this cabin really look empty to you?
                                    Narr:	You can see the cogs within Emily's head turning as you pose that question, a single digit finding its way to her lips as she appears deep in thought.
                                    Me: 	(Em's really cute when she looks like this.)
                                    Narr:	Finally, she speaks with a smile.
                                    Emily:	Nope, looks way too messy! Unless you haven't done your job properly.
                                    Me: 	Hey, I'm great at my job!
                                    Emily:	Sure, sure... But yeah, the bed's unmade and there are some signs that someone's living here.
                                    Me: 	Bingo!
                                    Emily:	Don't underestimate my intelligence!
                                    Me: 	Come on, Em, did I really give you that impression?
                                    Narr:	She doesn't answer you, instead she is quick to switch topics.
                                    Emily:	So, you've snooped around here before, haven't you?
                                    Me: 	What can I say? Curiosity got the better of me.
                                    Me: 	You might've spoken too soon.
                                    Narr:	You crouch down, sniffing the air like a tracker searching for its prey.
                                    Narr:	Your eyes carefully look around the area, prowling for anything of interest.
                                    Me: 	Does this cabin look clean to you?
                                    Emily:	No, but that's hardly surprising, considering it was your job to take care of it all before the patients arrived.
                                    Me: 	Oh, come on, I know I've cleaned it!
                                        Emily:	Just like you've done all of the chores a few days ago, huh?
                                        Me: 	Come on, Em, that's a low blow.
                                        Emily:	Only because I won! If you had won, you would've been gloating!
                                        Me: 	You know I'm not like that.
                                        Emily:	You totally are, and we both know it!
                                        Narr:	You can't help but to chuckle at the remark. Even though you're fighting her on it, you know she's right.
                                        Narr:	That's just the type of relationship you and Emily have. Playfully teasing each other is the essential core of it.
                                        Me: 	You have no right to doubt me after I've won that little bet of ours!
                                        Emily:	That again? You just got lucky and you know it.
                                        Me: 	How can it be luck when I put in blood, sweat and tears into fixing this camp?!
                                        Emily:	You cried? Geez, Dennis, didn't know you're such a crybaby.
                                        Me: 	T-that's just a saying!
                                        Emily:	It's okay to cry, y'know? There's nothing more attractive than a man showing his emotions freely.
                                        Emily:	Unless it's you, of course!
                                        Narr:	Emily giggles at that and playfully jabs your ribs with her elbows.
                                        Me: 	You don't think I'm attractive?
                                        Narr:	You arch your brow curiously, asking almost sarcastically, at which Emily visibly blushes. Your question had clearly caught her off guard.
                                        Emily:	I-I didn't say that...
                                        Me: 	You kinda did.
                                        Emily:	Whatever!
                                        Narr:	A chuckle escapes you, one that Emily doesn't miss. She pouts visibly as she realizes you are messing with her.
                                Emily:	So, where should we start?
                                Narr:	Emily looks at you for guidance, as if you possess inexplicable maturity due to being only slightly older than her.
                                Narr:	It makes you feel oddly mature, knowing someone looks up to you like that.
                                Me: 	Right... Right...
                                    Me: 	You know, I'd think that you've already learned the art of snooping. You seemed to handle yourself pretty well back there.
                                    Emily:	Only because I followed your lead!
                                    Emily:	You seem to be pretty experienced with this... Don't tell me this isn't the first time you snooped around the cabins?
                                    Narr:	She got you there, a knot builds inside your throat as your mind races to answer the question.
                                    Me: 	Look, keeping an eye on the patients in places like these is never easy.
                                    Me: 	Sometimes you must resort to certain measures.
                                    Me: 	You never know if they’re hiding something from you.
                                    Me: 	By checking their cabins regularly you’re making sure they’re not keeping any contraband around.
                                    Emily:	How noble of you!
                                    Emily:	You totally don't have hidden intentions with that!
                                    Me: 	Man, Em, why do you have to say it like that?
                                    Narr:	The young girl can do nothing but giggle, she clearly enjoys making you fight for your life.
                                    Narr:	It’s almost as if she has a thing for it.
                                Me: 	Hm, this should be easier, since there's no one formally staying here.
                                Me: 	Though I suppose we could find out more about this mystery patient!
                                Narr:	As you say that, Emily's eyes positively sparkle.
                                Emily:	That sounds like so much fun!
                                Emily:	I bet I can find out who it is before you!
                                Me: 	We'll see about that.
                                Narr:	You glance around the room... the bed, bookshelf and desk are looking as if they've got stories to tell.
                                Narr:	Where do you start first?
                                        Narr:	You make your way to the bookshelf as you hear Emily rummaging around the room behind you.
                                            Narr:	(Let's see if any of the titles have changed since the last time I've been here.)
                                            Me: 	(Oh, this one seems familiar...)
                                        Narr:	You pick up the Kama Sutra book. Cautiously, you glance over your shoulder to make sure Emily is not looking at you.
                                        Me: 	(I suppose there's no harm in... studying the material.)
                                        Narr:	You begin to flip through the pages, each pose more interesting than the other.
                                        Me: 	(Some of these are... certainly interesting.)
                                        Me: 	(I wonder who would be into poses like this?)
                                        Narr:	You lose interest quickly, however. Partly because you don't want to be caught by Emily looking at such sexual content.
                                        Me: 	(She would never let me live it down if she saw me reading this.)
                                        Narr:	Where do you go next?
                                        Narr:	You begin opening the drawers of a nearby desk, rummaging through them without a single care in the world.
                                        Narr:	I think I've changed...that being here, in the camp, changed me.
                                        Me: 	(All this dust is bound to make me develop an allergy.)
                                        Narr:	All of the drawers are empty, except for the last one, which you open.
                                        Narr:	Within, you find a single spork, so you pick it up - utterly perplexed.
                                        Me: 	(I swear, sporks are the weirdest utensils.)
                                        Me: 	(You can't really eat soup with them.)
                                        Me: 	(I mean, they're not spoons, and their stabbing properties can't really compare to those of actual forks...)
                                        Me: 	(You can't really eat a steak with them either.)
                                        Me: 	(...Why am I pondering deep philosophical questions about sporks?)
                                        Me: 	(I swear, my brain is turning to mush.)
                                        Narr:	You put the spork back and close the drawer, moving your sights onto different pursuits.
                                        Emily:	Seriously, Dennis, why is this bed unmade?!
                                        Me: 	Come on, Em, give me a break - I work my ass off around this camp.
                                        Emily:	I'm kidding, sheesh!
                                        Emily:	Say, Dennis, you don't think someone's staying here, do you?
                                        Me: 	I don't know, it could very possibly be the case.
                                        Me: 	I just hope it's not Hector.
                                        Emily:	Who's Hector?
                                        Me: 	It's a long story.
                                        Emily:	Anyways, we shouldn't leave it like this, otherwise Eve will get mad.
                                        Narr:	As she says that, Emily moves to tidy up the covers.
                                        Narr:	Your gaze can't help but linger on her long legs, gliding upwards and focusing on her plump buttocks.
                                        Me: 	(Emily has really grown into a beautiful woman.)
                                        Narr:	You move to help her pull the covers, but, conveniently enough, you end up tripping on your own two feet; always the perpetual klutz.
                                        Narr:	You end up falling onto Emily, both of you landing on the bed - your crotch presses against her behind.
                                        Narr:	Emily stirs uncomfortably.
                                        Emily:	Dennis!
                                        Me: 	Sorry, sorry!
                                        Narr:	You are quick to move off of her, seating yourself on the bed as a flustered Emily rises back to her feet.
                                        Emily:	You totally did that on purpose!
                                        Me: 	Come on, Em, you know I didn't!
                                        Narr:	You are about to solidify your defense further when Emily's lips crash against yours, boldly, silencing any further claims.
                                        Narr:	The kiss is short and innocent, barely more than a peck as she backs off, red in the face.
                                        Emily:	Y-Y'know... Y-you could've just asked...
                                        Narr:	She rubs her arm sheepishly...
                                        Narr:	You dare not to say anything more as you rise, pulling her closer to you by the waist and crashing your lips against hers once more.
                                        Emily:	Mmmf!
                                        Narr:	A muffled moan escapes the girl as she receives something she has been longing for for quite some time.
                                        Me: 	(Kissing Emily... is better than I thought.)
                                        Narr:	You fall backwards, landing on the bed with Emily sitting on your lap.
                                        Narr:	Both of her hands grasp your cheeks as you continue kissing - softly and innocently.
                                        Narr:	As innocent as you can be with your erection already struggling against your jeans.
                                        Emily:	(Woah, he's hard already?)
                                        Me: 	(I should stop this before it gets too far.)
                                        Me: 	(I don't want to make Emily uncomfortable.)
                                        Narr:	You break the kiss suddenly, both of you out of breath and gazing at each other.
                                        Narr:	Emily, as much as she relaxed during your little kissing session, is still flustered but with her lips crooking into the faintest of smiles.
                                        Narr:	She gets off of you, fixing her clothing and running a hand through her hair.
                                        Narr:	Only then does she look at you, but with a look you could never imagine coming from Emily.
                                Me: 	We should head back. I have some work to do with Eve and the girls.
                                Emily:	If you say so...
                                Narr:	Your constatation causes Emily's smile to drop, until you move to brush your fingers against her cheek.
                                Me: 	I promise, we'll hang out again soon.
                                Narr:	That statement fixes her mood, and she reverts back to the good old Emily.
                                Emily:	You better! I didn't forget that you owe me.
                                Emily:	Don't think you've made it up to me for ignoring me since you got here!
                                Narr:	You chuckle and leave the cabin.
                                Narr:	You're still having trouble actually believing what happened inside.
                                Narr:	Not because you were rummaging through the cabin like a pair of Viking raiders, but because you and Emily kissed.
                                Narr:	You kissed!
                                Me: 	Emily, I - 
                                Narr:	This time she interrupts you and grabs your hand.
                                Narr:	Not with the intention to give you an Indian burn, which you immediately understand as her delicate fingers intertwine with yours.
                                Me: 	(This is nice.)
                                Me: 	(I haven't felt like this in a long time.)
                                Emily:	(This is nice.)
                                Emily:	(He's finally spending more time with me.)
                                Emily:	(Hope he doesn't think seeing him get hard for me made me uncomfortable.)
                                Emily:	(I actually hope to see more of him. Soon.)
                                Narr:	You continue your walk toward the Community area, enjoying each other's company.
                                Narr:	Only when you're within viewing distance, your hands part, although unwillingly.
                        Me: 	Honestly, I don't feel like it right now.
                        Me: 	I'd much rather spend a little more time just talking with you.
                        Emily:	Would you now? (Did he really just say that?)
                        Me: 	Yeah, I think I owe you some of my time and attention.
                        Emily:	(There's the Dennis I know!)
                        Emily:	Haha, it's about time!
                        Narr:	You both start walking the scenic route by the edge of the forest, making a big circle around the lake.
                        Emily:	Be honest now, which book did you steal that moonflower line from?
                        Me: 	I didn't, it was a moment of inspiration!
                        Me: 	I can be poetic sometimes, you know.
                        Emily:	Sorry, how bold of me to assume you can read!
                        Me: 	Ha-ha, very funny.
                            Me: 	But I definitely read less than you.
                            Emily:	What makes you say that?
                            Me: 	Well, I noticed the titles in your room...
                            Narr:	Emily seems delighted you took notice of her interests.
                            Emily:	Oh, that? Have to keep the boredom away over summer somehow.
                            Me: 	So which one are you reading right now?
                            Emily:	All of them, actually.
                            Me: 	Sorry, what?
                            Emily:	*giggle* Yeah, I sort of jump from one to another, depending on my mood.
                            Me: 	Ha, and you can keep all of them straight?
                            Emily:	No, I also lay them down sometimes, so they don't topple over.
                        Me: 	I always loved your sense of humor.
                        Narr:	Emily smiles shyly, looking away from you...
                        Narr:	Then reaches for your hand.
                                Emily:	I've always liked your lack of humor, actually.
                                Me: 	What the hell, Em?!
                                Emily:	No, no, I find it cute how you take teasing so seriously.
                                Emily:	But I do feel like I overdo it sometimes...
                                Me: 	Despite how it seems, I can take a joke, don't worry.
                                Emily:	No, but some of the things I said were just so mean.
                                Emily:	I wanna say I didn't mean any of it, I hope you know that.
                                Me: 	I know you didn't. I didn't take it to heart.
                                Emily:	I'm so glad to hear that.
                                Narr:	...And slaps the top of it!
                                Emily:	You're It, sucker!
                                Narr:	You stand there, dumbfounded for a solid second, as you watch her bolting away from you.
                                Me: 	Oh, you little...
                                Narr:	You run after her and catch up surprisingly easily.
                                Narr:	You scoop her up by the waist, her feet dangling in the air helplessly
                                Emily:	Let me go!
                                Me: 	*Chuckle* What, you don't wanna play tag anymore?
                                Emily:	This ain't fair, I used to run circles around you, when did you get all athletic?!
                                Me: 	Maybe you've just gotten slow.
                                Emily:	Can you put me down now? You won, I'm done.
                                Me: 	Only if you promise you'll behave.
                                Emily:	No promises, but fine! I'll be good.
                                Narr:	You gently let go of her and she takes you by the hand.
                                Me: 	(There is something different in her smile, but I can't tell what.)
Narr:	With everyone gathered and seated, Eve begins her speech.
Eve:	Now that we're all here -
Narr:	You raise a hand, a question on your mind...
Eve:	Yes, Dennis?
Me: 	Kiara's isn't here, shouldn't she -
Eve:	Kiara has other obligations she needs to tend to.
Eve:	Although she was a part of your road to recovery, she has more of a logistic role at the camp as well.
Eve:	Without her, the question is what we would have on the menu.
Belle:	Less sandwiches?
Me: 	Brioche buns for all those patties I grilled a few days ago?
Eve:	*Smiles* I know, I know.
Eve:	We worked with what we had at the time.
Eve:	But, we CAN and WILL do better.
Eve:	Today we'll have tortilla wraps for lunch—both regular wraps, with meat, and vegetable-only wraps will be available.
svi:	Yaaaaay!
Eve:	But, before lunch, we'll hold today's first sessions.
Eve:	We'll start with Cabin 2, Stacy and Belle.
Belle:	Can't wait to spend some alone time with you again, Dr. Eve.
Belle:	You need to show me proper breathing methods while meditating.
Stacy:	I'm looking forward to our session, Dr. Eve.
Eve:	I'm afraid I won't be joining you girls for your sessions today.
Eve:	Dennis will lead the session and take notes.
Eve:	It's time he takes on a more prominent role within our camp.
Narr:	All of the girls look at you and smile warmly, ideas of mischief probably swarming their heads.
Me: 	(Everyone's looking at me...)
Me: 	Of course, Eve, I'm also looking forward to it.
Eve:	I would have it no other way. So, which girl do you want to have a session with first?
    Eve:	I would have it no other way. So, which girl do you want to have a session with first?
                Me: 	(I suppose I should just rip the bandaid right off.)
                Me: 	I'll start with Belle.
                Belle:	Ooh, I got picked! Lucky me!
                Narr:	Belle presses her pinky finger against her lips, looking at you like a fox sizing up its prey.
                Narr:	She crosses her legs sensually.
                Me: 	(This session might be harder than I initially thought.)
                Narr:	No pun intended...
                Me: 	Now, as for the location of the session, it will be–
                Narr:	Belle is quick to interrupt you, never one to mince words.
                Belle:	You can have me wherever you want.
                Narr:	At that comment, while you squirm, Eve lets out a weary sigh.
                Me: 	(Damn that Belle, she always knows how to get me going.)
                Me: 	(Almost as if she makes money out of it.)
                Me: 	I think the best possible approach is to have the session somewhere where you feel comfortable, at home even.
                Narr:	Eve observes you intently, as a mentor eagerly awaiting to see how you are going to handle this situation.
                Me: 	Belle, you mentioned you enjoy gaming?
                Belle:	Duh, I thought you were already familiar with my vocation.
                Me: 	Yes, but I remember you mentioning that you have a speedrunning channel.
                Belle:	Oh...
                Narr:	Belle pauses, as if caught off guard by your comment.
                Belle:	(I can't believe Dennis remembered that.)
                Belle:	I do... What about it?
                Me: 	Well, it got me thinking...
                Me: 	Where would you feel more relaxed than in front of a computer screen, playing one of the games you enjoy?
                Narr:	You glance at Eve, the woman giving you a nod of approval.
                Me: 	So, I was thinking, we could hold the session in my room and–
                Narr:	In a matter of a single second, Eve's look of approval changes to that of disapproval.
                Narr:	In stark contrast, Belle positively perks up at the thought, even licks her lips.
                Eve:	Now hang on a minute, Dennis.
                Narr:	The seriousness of Eve's tone causes you to flinch.
                Eve:	Having a session in your room is hardly appropriate...
                Me: 	(Oh, Eve, if you only knew what has been going on around this camp...)
                Me: 	(Us being alone in my room can't even count as the tip of the iceberg.)
                Eve:	You would be unsupervised, and Belle would be placed in a...tempting situation.
                Eve:	Considering her condition.
                Me: 	Eve, I promise I wouldn't even suggest this if I didn't think it would be the best for Belle's treatment.
                Me: 	Think about it. If you're a gamer, you don't play video games outside.
                Me: 	You play them glued to the chair in your room until your eyes feel sore from looking at the bright screen.
                Me: 	If that's something Belle enjoys, and we all know it is, being in such an environment would help her open up.
                Narr:	Eve remains silent, stern eyes shifting from you to Belle. She is skeptical about the idea.
                Narr:	Eventually, she lets out a sigh.
                Eve:	Fine.
                Narr:	Upon approval, Belle giggles.
                Eve:	But only if Belle promises to be on her best behavior and the door remains open at all times.
                Me: 	Don't worry, I'll make sure it does.
                    Eve:	And of course, Dennis, I expect the same from you.
                    Eve:	I don't think either of us want a repeat of an... earlier incident.
                    Narr:	The reminder of your embarrassment makes you move your gaze away from Eve.
                    Me: 	I understand. Don't worry, it won't happen again.
                    Eve:	It better not.
                    Eve:	(I want you to preserve your energy for other pursuits.)
                Eve:	Alright, that settles it.
                Eve:	I promised you more experience in this field, Dennis, so I will trust your judgment.
                Narr:	Belle practically jumps to her feet as she gets ready to depart, but it's cut off by Eve's stern voice.
                Eve:	And Belle, I'll repeat myself if I wasn't clear enough - you are to be on your best behavior.
                Narr:	A mischievous smile appears on Belle's features, but she gives Eve a salute.
                Belle:	Roger that!
                Eve:	Alright then, you have my blessing.
                Narr:	You give Eve a nod and steadily begin to walk back into the house.
                Narr:	Belle practically skips behind you, clearly pleased by the conclusion.
                Me: 	(I feel really good about that session with Stacy, but if only I could help her more...)
                Narr:	As you walk back to the patio, you see Belle and Eve still sitting on the couch.
                Me: 	(Heh, I bet Belle annoyed Eve again.)
                Me: 	(She is insatiable, that's for sure.)
                Narr:	You give both of them a nod as you sit back down, stretching your arms.
                Eve:	How did it go?
                Me: 	I'll tell you all about it once I compile my notes.
                Eve:	I see. Good work, Dennis.
                Eve:	(I knew that this would be a good idea.)
                Me: 	(I suppose I should just rip the bandaid right off.)
                Me: 	Alright, Belle, it's your turn.
                Belle:	Ooh, is it now?! Lucky me~
                Narr:	Belle presses her pinky finger against her lips, looking at you like a fox sizing up its prey. She crosses her legs sensually.
                Me: 	(This session might be harder than I initially thought.)
                Narr:	No pun intended...
                Me: 	Now, as for the location of the session, it will be–
                Narr:	Belle is quick to interrupt you, never one to mince words.
                voice:	voice/e9SessionBelle_81ec0470.mp3
                Belle:	You can have me wherever you want.
                Narr:	Eve visibly rolls her eyes at that comment while you squirm uncomfortably in your seat.
                Me: 	(Damn that Belle, she always knows how to get me going.)
                Me: 	(Almost as if she makes money out of it.)
                Me: 	I think the best possible approach is to have the session somewhere where you feel comfortable, at home even.
                Narr:	Eve observes you intently, like a mentor eagerly waiting to see how her mentee was going to handle this situation.
                Me: 	Belle, you mentioned you enjoy gaming?
                voice:	voice/e9SessionBelle_b18c1cda.mp3
                Belle:	Duh, I thought you were already familiar with my vocation.
                Me: 	Yes, but I remember you mentioning that you have a speedrunning channel.
                voice:	voice/e9SessionBelle_a9ca9f9a.mp3
                Belle:	Oh...
                Narr:	Belle pauses, as if caught off guard by your comment.
                voice:	voice/e9SessionBelle_1825824f.mp3
                Belle:	(I can't believe Dennis remembered that.)
                voice:	voice/e9SessionBelle_dde9bb15.mp3
                Belle:	I do... What about it?
                Me: 	Where would you feel more relaxed than in front of a computer screen, playing one of the games you enjoy?
                Narr:	You glance at Eve, the woman giving you a nod of approval.
                Me: 	So I was thinking, we could hold the session in my room and–
                Narr:	In a matter of a single second, Eve's look of approval changes to that of disapproval.
                Narr:	In stark contrast, Belle positively perks up at the thought, even licks her lips.
                Eve:	Now hang on a minute, Dennis.
                Narr:	The seriousness of Eve's tone causes you to flinch.
                Eve:	Having a session in your room is hardly appropriate...
                Me: 	(Oh, Eve, if you only knew what has been going on around this camp...)
                Me: 	(Us being alone in my room can't even count as the tip of the iceberg.)
                Eve:	It's unsupervised and it potentially places Belle in a situation where she would be... tempted.
                Eve:	Considering her condition.
                Me: 	Eve, I promise I wouldn't even be suggesting this if I didn't think it was the best course of action for Belle's treatment.
                Me: 	Think about it. If you're a gamer, you don't play video games outside.
                Me: 	You play them glued to the chair in your room until your eyes feel sore from looking at the screen.
                Me: 	If that's something Belle enjoys, and we all know it is, being in such an environment would help her open up.
                Narr:	Eve remains silent, stern eyes shifting from you to Belle. She is skeptical about the idea.
                Narr:	Eventually, she lets out a sigh.
                Eve:	Fine.
                Narr:	Upon approval, Belle giggles.
                Eve:	But only if Belle promises to be on her best behavior and the door remains open at all times.
                Me: 	Don't worry, I'll make sure it does.
                    Eve:	And of course, Dennis, I expect the same from you.
                    Eve:	I don't think either of us wants a repeat of the...earlier incident.
                    Narr:	The reminder of your embarrassment makes you move your gaze away from Eve.
                    Me: 	I understand. Don't worry, it won't happen again.
                    Eve:	It better not.
                    Eve:	(I want you to conserve energy for other pursuits.)
                Eve:	Alright, that settles it.
                Eve:	I promised you more experience in this field, Dennis, so I will trust your judgment.
                Narr:	Belle practically jumps to her feet as she gets ready to depart, but it's cut off by Eve's stern voice.
                Eve:	And, Belle, I'll repeat myself if I wasn't clear enough—you are to be on your best behavior.
                Narr:	A mischievous smile appears on Belle's features, but she gives Eve a salute.
                voice:	voice/e9SessionBelle_0bce5856.mp3
                Belle:	Roger that!
                Eve:	Alright then, you have my blessing.
                Narr:	You give Eve a nod and steadily begin to walk back into the house.
                Narr:	Belle practically skips behind you, clearly pleased by the conclusion.
        Narr:	The two of you climb the stairs.
        Narr:	You feel Belle's eyes glued to your back; the hairs at the back of your neck rise.
        Narr:	Your defense mechanism kicking in at the feeling of being observed the way that you were.
        Narr:	The air is thick with tension, and, in a way, you can almost relish it, but you dare not turn around.
        Me: 	(Maybe Eve was right... I feel like I'm going to be pounced on.)
        Belle:	(I wonder how long he can keep ignoring me, teehee!)
        Narr:	You lead her to your room, but you can't help but to feel like Belle's a little bit too familiar with the place.
        Me: 	(I guess it makes sense. I know for a fact that she has been snooping around.)
        Narr:	She does not hesitate to sit on your bed, legs crossed seductively as she looks at you with anticipation.
        Me: 	(Stop looking at me like that, stop looking at me like that, stop looking at me like that.)
        Narr:	Words are not necessary to address the tension between the two of you.
        Narr:	You do not take your eyes off of the girl as you push the door wide open.
        Narr:	So much so, that anyone climbing the stairs would be able to see right in.
        Belle:	Ugh, you are no fun!
        Me: 	You know the rules and so do I.
        Me: 	This was the one condition that we had to meet if we wanted to do this.
        Belle:	I just don't get why I am being shamed!
        Me: 	Shamed?
        Belle:	Yes, you guys can't handle a woman comfortable with her sexuality.
        Narr:	You can't help bursting into laughter as she says that.
        Me: 	Hahaha, come on, Belle, don't make me laugh.
        Me: 	No one in this camp has a problem with your sexuality. I think some of us have made that... perfectly clear.
        Me: 	But, come on, you can't tell me that some of your behavior isn't deviant.
        Narr:	You see Belle's smile drop as you say that. It would seem you've spoken before thinking yet again.
        Me: 	Fuck, look... I didn't mean it like that.
        Me: 	I'm not judging you. I am here to help you.
        Narr:	As soon as she gets a reaction out of you, Belle bursts into laughter—just like you did only a moment earlier.
        Belle:	Just kidding! Come on, I'm not so easily triggered, handsome.
        Belle:	Besides, I know you don't mind my deviant behavior.
            Me: 	I think I've been pretty good at ignoring it.
            Belle:	You'll break sooner or later, I just know it.
            Me: 	If I didn't break till now, with all of your consistent teasing, what makes you think I'll break later?
            Belle:	They all do. I'm irresistible.
            Belle:	But, I will admit, you are a challenge.
            Belle:	Which makes you all that more enticing.
            Narr:	Belle licks her lips, sizing you up like you are the most delicious meal.
            Me: 	That doesn't mean it's ethical.
            Belle:	Since when are you so concerned with ethics?
            Me: 	Sometimes my weakness gets the better of me.
            Belle:	I wouldn't call something that's your greatest strength a weakness.
            Me: 	Maybe you're right. I'm just risking my career!
            Belle:	Well, how could you not? It's not every day that someone as hot as me offers herself so willingly to you.
            Belle:	Though, judging by your skill, I'm sure you've had plenty of hot girls.
        Me: 	Whatever the case, I guess we should get down to business.
        Belle:	Ooh!
        Me: 	Not like that, hang on.
        Narr:	With a few careful steps across your small room, you reach your desk and sit on the chair, opening your laptop.
        Me: 	What are some of the games you enjoy playing, Belle?
        Narr:	Belle ponders for a moment before answering, as if unsure if you are asking her a serious question.
        Narr:	You can see that, for a moment, her guard has come down.
        Belle:	Well... I really like Castlenite. Digcraft is also cool, but that's more for relaxing.
        Belle:	My most popular streams are those of League of Luminaries.
        Me: 	Then you are in luck.
        Narr:	With a deft click of your mouse, you open an already all too familiar game.
        Narr:	The opening music takes you back to the nights when you were losing way more sleep than you should have been.
        Narr:	You rise from your seat, moving to sit on the bed next to Belle.
        Narr:	Without a word, you motion with your hand for her to sit down on the chair.
        Me: 	You can play on my account.
        Belle:	What? And raise your ranking? I don't think so!
        Belle:	You may be handsome, but you are not that handsome.
        Narr:	You chuckle as Belle goes to sit in the same spot you were sitting in earlier, moving the chair closer to the laptop.
        Narr:	As Belle logs into her own account, you idly observe her from your bed.
        Narr:	She clicks on 'New Game', picks a champion and cracks her neck until a pleasant pop is heard.
        Me: 	(She really looks like she's in her element.)
        Me: 	(Maybe this wasn't the worst of my ideas.)
        Narr:	She leans back as she waits in the lobby for the match to start.
        Me: 	I take it you're pretty good at this?
        Belle:	I would hope so. I'm not Sapphire 1 for no reason.
        Me: 	What?!
        Narr:	You raise your voice in disbelief.
        Me: 	I'm barely Quartz 3. That's so impressive, Belle!
        Belle:	I know, right? I'm one of the few women that managed to achieve that ranking.
        Narr:	The game starts, but Belle doesn't stop talking.
        Belle:	I've been playing it since I was thirteen, so I had plenty of time to practice.
        Belle:	It's all about practice, and, of course, research.
        Me: 	Doesn't talking while playing deconcentrate you?
        Belle:	I'm a streamer, silly! Talking while playing is part of the job.
        Me: 	And the outfits too, huh?
        Belle:	Well, yeah.
        Belle:	Do you know how many female streamers there are on the internet?
        Me: 	A lot, I take it?
        Belle:	Yeah, and you know how many of them are actually good?
        Belle:	By that, I mean they don't use pre-recorded game footage or bots to secure their wins.
        Narr:	You hear the sounds of fighting going on in the game, lasers pewing and minions dying.
        Narr:	Before you can answer, Belle speaks again.
        Belle:	You see, if you're a girl in the streaming community, your looks are far more important than your actual skill.
        Me: 	That must be hard.
        Belle:	It is. If you are not a sex object, most people won't even be interested.
        Me: 	(Could this be the root of her issue?)
        Me: 	(Is Belle's condition the result of her forcing herself to appeal to the viewers for the sake of pursuing her passions?)
        Me: 	(Man, this runs deeper than I thought...)
        Narr:	In spite of the seriousness of the topic at hand, Belle's focus is entirely on the game.
        Narr:	And not masking her true thoughts with hypersexualization.
        Narr:	For the first time, it feels like you are talking to Belle. The real Belle.
        Me: 	I never had a clue what it's like to be a girl heavily invested in the gaming community.
        Me: 	I sometimes play a game or two to pass the time.
        Belle:	Yeah, but that's because you know what you want to do with your life, silly!
        Me: 	Something like that.
        Belle:	Well, the moment I got my first console, I knew that this was what I wanted to do for a living.
        Belle:	But you have to be very aware of your looks, there will always be girls that are sexier, with bigger boobs or asses.
        Belle:	That's why, to succeed as a streamer AND a girl, you must know how to make use of the assets you have.
        Belle:	That's why I'm the best! Because I'm not all talk.
        Narr:	This is the only moment where Belle turns her head away from the screen, smirking.
        Belle:	If I say I'm going to suck your cock, then I'm going to suck your cock.
        Me: 	(Now that's the Belle I know.)
        Belle:	She bursts into laughter, as if all of this is just a big joke, then returns her focus to the screen.
        Belle:	Aw, yeah! Flawless victory!
        Narr:	She exclaims so loudly that it jolts you a little bit.
        Narr:	However, you can’t help thinking how nice it is to see Belle so happy and in her element.
        Belle:	Your turn now, handsome.
        Me: 	Hey, who's the boss here? You or me?
        Belle:	That's so hot...
        Belle:	But, come on, play a game! I wanna see how you roll.
        Narr:	You decide to indulge her, switching places with her on your desk chair.
        Narr:	Belle remains by your side, arms folded as she looks over which champion you are about to pick.
        Belle:	Zeemo? You're picking Zeemo? Interesting.
        Me: 	What?!
        Belle:	Nothing, nothing... Just keep playing.
        Narr:	As you wait in the lobby for the match to start, you observe Belle from the corner of your eyes.
        Narr:	For the first time since she arrived, she's not looking at you like you're a piece of meat.
        Narr:	She's far more focused on the game you're playing.
        Narr:	The match starts and you ready yourself for the fight!
        Me: 	(I better not embarrass myself in front of Belle.)
        Me: 	(It's so unnerving to be watched by someone so good at the game.)
            Narr:	The gods of the game seem to be on your side today as you absolutely decimate your enemy.
            Me: 	Yes, yes, YES!
            Belle:	Hey, that wasn't half bad!
            Belle:	I noticed some critical errors though, but you're pretty good for a casual player.
            Belle:	You'd have no problem reaching my rank if you put in some effort.
            Me: 	Thanks, but I mainly use this to unwind.
            Belle:	You can unwind while playing League of Luminaries?
            Belle:	That game makes even the most steel-nerved of us lose our temper!
            Me: 	I know, I'm strange like that.
            Belle:	Well, I'll make sure to give you a reward for your victory.
            Me: 	What kind of reward?
            Belle:	I'll think of something.
            Narr:	Luck is not on your side today, as the enemy pushes through your forts and absolutely decimates you.
            Me: 	Man, it's whatever I guess...
            Belle:	Don't let them troll you! Type in the chat to your teammates that you would've won if they'd just stuck to their lanes.
            Belle:	This always gets my blood boiling, how hard can it be to stick to one lane?!
            Me: 	It's alright Belle, it's not that big of a deal!
            Belle:	If it means anything, you are a victor in my eyes!
            Narr:	Belle moves to plant a kiss on your cheek, an oddly innocent gesture compared to how she usually is.
        Narr:	Suddenly, Belle pulls the chair you are sitting on, rolling it away from the table.
        Narr:	Expertly, she positions herself on your lap, looking at you from a slightly elevated position.
        Narr:	Your cock stirs in your pants.
        Me: 	What are you doing?
        Belle:	Can't I show you what a nice time I have been having?
        Belle:	I haven't had this much fun since I arrived at this camp.
        Belle:	Want me to show you just how grateful I am?
            Belle:	Want me to show you just how grateful I am?
                Me: 	But, the doors are open, Belle.
                Belle:	Doesn't that make it even more exciting?
                Narr:	You can't help arguing that logic as Belle unzips your pants, taking your eager dick out of them.
                Belle:	I've been waiting too long to see it.
                Belle:	That's all I could think about.
                Narr:	Your erection pulsates in Belle's hand as she glides her hands up and down its length, massaging it with great expertise.
                Me: 	Mm, Belle...
                Me: 	You're too good at this.
                Belle:	I can tell, big boy.
                Belle:	I can tell he's happy to see me, too.
                Narr:	Belle looks at your cock hungrily before she wraps her pretty mouth around it.
                Me: 	Yeah, suck my dick.
                Me: 	(Fuck, I should be quieter.)
                Belle:	*suck* *suck*
                Belle:	*lick*
                Narr:	Belle deepthroats your entire length.
                Belle:	Mnnf.
                Narr:	Your hands tangle themselves into Belle's pink locks as you begin to push her head down and onto your shaft.
                Narr:	All for the sake of quieting her pleased moans.
                Narr:	The pace is relentless, but nothing that Belle can't handle.
                Me: 	Shhh.
                Narr:	You remind both Belle and yourself. As good as this is, being caught in this act would be bad.
                Narr:	No, it would be worse than bad.
                Narr:	It would be absolutely catastrophic and something that can't be so easily explained.
                Narr:	Though, knowing how skilled you are with your words, maybe you could think of an explanation.
                Narr:	Maybe you could get away with it.
                Belle:	Mmmm.
                Belle:	You taste so good.
                Belle:	I wanna feel your cock inside me.
                Me: 	Shh, Belle.
                Belle:	Sorry.
                Narr:	Belle starts teasing your cock with her cheeks, you feel her wetness against your tip.
                Me: 	(Fuck, this feels too good.)
                Narr:	Unable to contain yourself any longer, you grasp Belle by her hips and plunge her onto your member.
                Narr:	For the sake of not making any noise, Belle bites her lip, but a muffled moan still escapes her.
                Me: 	*Whispers* God, you're so wet.
                Belle:	All for you.
                Narr:	You lift and pull Belle onto you with haste, not wishing to prolong this whole thing; as good as it is.
                Narr:	Priority is still not getting caught.
                Belle:	(I love that he's so rough with me!)
                    Belle:	(I love that he's so rough with me!)
                        Narr:	You are unable to hold it in any longer, the pace and rhythm doing their job.
                        Narr:	Plus, the circumstances of this situation only make it all better.
                        Belle:	*Whisper* Fuck, Dennis, don't stop - I'm so close.
                        Narr:	Belle makes the faintest of sounds, the most she could do to contain the wave of an orgasm that shook through her.
                        Narr:	And you feel that wave crashing around your cock.
                        Me: 	Hnnng.
                        Narr:	You follow soon after, shooting a load up Belle's pussy, the remainder of it flowing down your cock.
                        Belle:	Mmm.. That's exactly what I needed.
                        Narr:	You are unable to hold it in any longer, the pace and rhythm doing their job.
                        Narr:	Plus, the circumstances of this situation only make it all better.
                        Me: 	*Whisper* I can't keep it in much longer, Belle.
                        Belle:	Cum on me, big boy.
                        Narr:	You slide your cock out of Belle's pussy and spray a load of thick, hot cum all over her plump ass.
                        Narr:	You take a moment to compose yourself after your orgasm.
                        Me: 	That was amazing, Belle.
                        Belle:	I know, right?!
                        Me: 	Shh.
                        Belle:	Oh. Right. *whispers* Sorry.
                Narr:	Belle gets off of your lap and quickly puts her skirt back on, not even bothering to clean herself.
                Belle:	Thanks for giving me something to think about for the rest of the day.
                Belle:	Hopefully this is not the last time we do something like this.
                Me: 	Do you mean playing League of Lumineers or sex?
                Narr:	Belle only giggles in response as she skips out of the room.
                Narr:	You take a moment to stay in her room, cleaning yourself off and pulling your pants back up.
                Me: 	(Fuck, what time is it?)
                Narr:	(I hope I didn't leave the others with too much work when it comes to lunch.)
                Me: 	(Hopefully they don't get mad that I just showed up to eat.)
                Narr:	Needing to satisfy another one of your carnal needs, you get up to leave your room and head for the gazebo.
                Me: 	The doors are wide open, Belle.
                Belle:	Isn't that what makes it exciting?
                Narr:	You place your hands on Belle's waist, gently moving her off of you, cock twitching in protest.
                Me: 	This isn't right Belle, I could lose my job.
                Me: 	Besides, I feel like we really made some progress today. Why ruin that?
                Narr:	Belle pouts, clearly displeased by your rejection.
                Belle:	(I can't believe he rejected me!)
                Belle:	Fine, fine! Don't want to make sexy Eve mad.
                Me: 	Trust me, you don't want to see that.
                Belle:	But I really did have fun today, Dennis.
                Belle:	Thanks.
                Me: 	You're welcome. Maybe we could play a match or two online sometimes?
                Belle:	I don't see why not!
                Me: 	And, for the record, I don't want to play with you because you're smoking hot...
                Belle:	Yeah, right!
                Me: 	No, I'm serious, you're really good.
                Me: 	Maybe you can carry me for a match or two.
                Belle:	Heh, we'll see!
                Narr:	Despite the rejection, you can see Belle's mood has lifted significantly. She even managed to take the rejection well.
                Narr:	Finally, it feels like some progress is being made with Red Falls' most stubborn patient.
                Me: 	We should head back.
                Me: 	I think we're having lunch at the gazebo, so you should go and see if they need help with setting it all up...
                Belle:	Gotcha.
                Belle:	See you later, handsome!
                Narr:	Belle begins to strut out of your room, hips swaying as if she knew you would be looking.
                Me: 	(Damn, that Belle...)
                Me: 	(Oh right, there's still Stacy's session...but am I too tired for that?)
                Me: 	(Maybe it would be easier to just head to the kitchen and see if they need help with lunch?)
                    Me: 	(Maybe heading to the kitchen and see if they need help with lunch is easier?)
                        Narr:	It doesn't take long before you leave right after Belle...
                        Narr:	It doesn't take long before you leave right after Belle...
            Me: 	(I know whose brain I want to pick a little.)
            Me: 	I'll go with Stacy first, if that's okay?
            Eve:	Of course.
            Stacy:	Okay.
            Me: 	Belle and I just finished up.
            Eve:	How did it go?
            Me: 	Surprisingly well. I think we made actual progress.
            Narr:	Eve looks pleasantly surprised.
            Eve:	Very well, you'll tell me all about it after your session with Stacy.
            Me: 	Of course. You ready to go, Stacy?
            Stacy:	Yeah.
        Me: 	Wait for me!
        Stacy:	Can we have the session at our old campfire spot?
        Me: 	Sure, wherever you feel comfortable.
        Narr:	Stacy walks in front of you in silence, leading the way.
        Me: 	(I guess we're saving the talking for the session...)
        Narr:	You follow her in tow.
        Me: 	So... Khm. (How do I start this?)
        Me: 	How are you feeling today, Stacy? (That's how the pros do it.)
        Stacy:	Well, if I had to put it into words...
        Stacy:	I think I'd say... empty. Disconnected?
        Me: 	Why do you think you feel this way?
        Stacy:	Dennis, remember how I said my thoughts aren't cooked all the way yet?
        Me: 	Vaguely.
        Me: 	You think you're ready to talk about it? About why you shut down a few days ago?
        Stacy:	I think they are just baked enough.
        Me: 	So? Spill it.
        Stacy:	Dennis, I feel homesick.
        Me: 	Homesick? You never even mentioned home before...
        Stacy:	What do you mean? I talk about my flock all the time.
        Me: 	Oh, your flock, of course. (Why did I think it was anything else?)
        Stacy:	Yes, no matter how much I have grown close to everyone here, especially you...
        Stacy:	I feel like a lone timber thrown out of a pyre. Slowly losing my light.
        Stacy:	I miss them so much, I can't wait to reunite with them after camp.
        Me: 	So you are definitely going back to the Puncturing Flame? After this?
        Stacy:	Of course, where else would I go, silly?
        Narr:	There is a moment of silence between you, giving you some room to think.
        Me: 	Yeah, for sure. I actually wanted to ask you about something else.
        Narr:	Stacy looks at you, expectantly.
        Me: 	About those weird dreams you were having?
        Stacy:	I'm still having them.
        Me: 	Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Can you remember what the dreams were about?
        Me: 	(I have a sneaking suspicion about what the dreams were about. I really hope I'm wrong.)
        Stacy:	I mean, I can, but it's really abstract.
        Me: 	Hm, try me.
        Stacy:	Alright. It was about the night sky, turning red. About smoke rising from the trees.
        Stacy:	And the eclipse, there is always that damn eclipse.
        Me: 	(Damn it, why can't I be wrong for once?)
        Me: 	Stacy, I don't wanna freak you out, but my dreams have been exactly the same.
        Stacy:	Exactly the same? You can't know that.
        Me: 	Same description then, I saw the exact same things plus a few extra.
        Me: 	Was there, perhaps, a glowing red waterfall in your dreams?
        Stacy:	...
        Stacy:	Yes, yes there was.
        Stacy:	Okay, we may be having the same dreams.
        Me: 	I really had to tell you, those dreams felt so weird. Plus you were in them.
        Stacy:	I was in your dreams? I didn't see anyone in mine.
        Me: 	Really? Because I have been chasing you around that nightmarish landscape for a few nights now.
        Me: 	I always see you walking about, but you never seem to notice me. Plus, the last dream I had scared the living shit out of me.
        Stacy:	What was it?
        Me: 	It was you. I see you standing right in front of that waterfall, eyes glowing red. I still have that image burned into my retinas.
        Stacy:	Oh, Dennis, that is so weird. Now I'm even more scared!
        Me: 	No, no, shit, I didn't mean to scare you, I'm sorry.
        Me: 	Come on, there should be a perfectly logical explanation as to why we're both having these dreams.
        Stacy:	Do you have any?
        Me: 	...
        Me: 	Well, not out of pocket, no, but there must be one.
        Stacy:	Maybe we're both just going bananas.
        Me: 	Ha, maybe.
        Me: 	Good thing we're already at a mental health facility.
        Stacy:	Pff, I don't think security here can handle both of us going nuts.
        Me: 	You never know. Maybe Eve has a padded room and a couple of straitjackets somewhere in that house.
        Stacy:	... Does she?
        Me: 	Though, I bet she has some kind of restraints.
        Me: 	(Okay, this isn't going anywhere, I think I have another idea.)
            Me: 	(Okay, this isn't going anywhere, I think I have another idea.)
                Me: 	Hey, Stacy, this might seem a little out of the blue...
                Me: 	But, why haven't you mentioned your actual family yet?
                Stacy:	You mean my biological kin?
                Me: 	Yes, what's the deal with them?
                Stacy:	I honestly wouldn't know. I haven't been in contact with them ever since I joined my flock.
                Me: 	Not at all? Not even a phone call for holidays?
                Stacy:	No, but I did send them a rather long letter explaining my new purpose in life after I made the rank of Ascendant...
                Stacy:	I invited them to join me, but I am not surprised none of them answered.
                Me: 	(I mean, I wouldn't either, but...)
                Me: 	Why weren't you surprised?
                Stacy:	Ha! 'Cause they never cared about anything I had to say. It was too loud in the house to hear me, anyways.
                Me: 	And no one was listening?
                Stacy:	Oh, there were plenty of ears listening, but I don't think anyone was really hearing me.
                Stacy:	I felt invisible, unless I was in trouble, of course.
                Stacy:	Then daddy made sure everyone knew exactly what it was that I did wrong and what my punishment was going to be.
                Stacy:	They are old school like that. Tons of kids, church first, husband second and everyone else better fall in line.
                Me: 	That doesn't sound like a happy childhood...
                Stacy:	The funny thing is, it was. I have so many happy memories with my siblings and mom.
                Stacy:	But, I always dreamed about going off, starting my own life, choosing my own path.
                Me: 	And your flock gave you that chance?
                Stacy:	Yes, I have never felt such overwhelming sense of belonging and home.
                Me: 	I think I understand. No wonder you give so much of yourself to that group.
                Stacy:	Wouldn't you do the same for your family? Especially if it took you your whole life to find them?
                Me: 	I think I would, yes. Your dedication is admirable, but I think it might be causing your health to suffer.
                Stacy:	What do you mean? I'm perfectly healthy.
                Me: 	Stacy, you spent the last couple days aimlessly wandering around camp.
                Me: 	Not to mention a tendency to go into states where you don't even seem to know where you are.
                Stacy:	That is pretty standard for someone going through the process of enlightenment.
                Stacy:	My mentors warned me I might experience signs of madness, like hallucinations and sleepwalking.
                Stacy:	It's the side effects of my mind expanding.
                Me: 	And those are also side effects of someone going through chronic sleep deprivation, or recovering from it.
                Me: 	Did you know that?
                Stacy:	Well, no, I didn't. But I think it's the enlightenment. How could this be from me just being tired?
                Me: 	Not tired, sleep deprived. There is a big difference. Your brain needs sleep, otherwise we go a little off the rails.
                Stacy:	Now that you mention it, here at camp, this is the longest I have slept... Well, ever since I joined 3 years ago.
                Me: 	They didn't let you sleep?
                Stacy:	Of course they did. I just always had better things to do. Sleep was never a high priority.
                Me: 	Hey, Stacy, I wanted to ask you about something...
                Stacy:	Do tell.
                Me: 	Well, I would hope you remember, but we were here together yesterday...
                Stacy:	I was sort of hoping you wouldn't bring that up.
                Stacy:	But I guess you must be worried sick about what was going on with me.
                Me: 	To put it mildly, yes.
                Me: 	You acted one way and then it was like you snapped out of a dream...
                Stacy:	That's exactly what happened, good job on that one. You're really observant, you know?
                Me: 	Sorry, what?!
                Me: 	Can you run that by me again? I was using a metaphor, what do you mean 'That's exactly what happened'?
                Stacy:	Exactly what I said. I was dreaming, and then I snapped out of it.
                Me: 	You don't mean literally, right?
                Me: 	Right?!
                Stacy:	Yes, whatever else could I mean?
                Stacy:	It's a little embarrassing, but you brought it up.
                Me: 	Stacy, that's not embarrassing, it's confusing and a little worrying.
                Stacy:	No, don't worry, this happens to me sometimes.
                Stacy:	I've always been a sleepwalker. More so when I was a kid, but I guess it came back lately.
                Me: 	Really? I mean, it's normal for kids, but it is a little atypical for adults.
                Stacy:	It's usually only when I'm really stressed, but I don't know why it's happening now.
                Me: 	Also, it was in the middle of the day, how were you asleep?
                Stacy:	Well, I wanted to take a nap in my cabin, I've been feeling so tired all the time lately.
                Stacy:	And I must admit, I was having a rather steamy dream about you.
                    Stacy:	But, it caught me a little off guard to realize we were actually doing it.
                    Me: 	Stacy, I am so sorry. If I had any idea you were asleep, I would have never, you know that?
                    Stacy:	No, I know, don't worry. How could you have known?
                    Stacy:	Besides, it ain't every day that a girl's dreams come true, right?
                    Me: 	Quite literally, huh?
                    Stacy:	But, I didn't realize I was actually coming onto you like that.
                    Stacy:	I'm sorry I put you in that position.
                    Me: 	You have nothing to be sorry for, you had no idea what you were doing.
                    Me: 	I mean, you very much knew what you were doing, but you know what I mean.
                    Stacy:	Haha, yes, well it's still embarrassing.
                Me: 	I promise, it's nothing to be ashamed of. Have you mentioned any of this to Eve?
                    Me: 	(Please say no, I can't have Eve busting my balls about inappropriate patient relations twice in one day.)
                    Me: 	(Please say no, I can't have Eve finding out I've been fooling around with patients.)
                Stacy:	No, should I?
                Me: 	Maybe not about our little adventures, but she definitely needs to know about your sleepwalking.
                Stacy:	But, that's pretty normal for me. My parents used to lock my bedroom door to stop me from roaming around the whole farm.
                Me: 	That's not quite typical either. Do you think something could be stressing you out right now?
                Me: 	Something that would cause your sleepy brain to go haywire?
                Stacy:	Well, nothing besides being homesick... and the nightmares I guess.
                Me: 	Have you ever had any sleepwalking incidents when you were with your flock?
                Stacy:	Well, no, I slept like a baby when I got a chance to.
                Stacy:	There was always so much to do, sleeping was never a number one priority.
        Me: 	I'm not surprised. Sleep deprivation is a very common occurrence in groups like yours.
        Stacy:	Hey! No one forced me to lose sleep, it was my choice!
        Me: 	Of course. I never said it wasn't.
        Stacy:	...
        Me: 	And what about the nightmares? Do you think they're related to your flock?
        Stacy:	No, I don't think they are. Besides, you've been having them, too! How'd you explain that, smart guy?
        Me: 	Because nightmares occur when we are stressed, that's a fact.
        Stacy:	Then I guess this camp is stressing me out more than the flock ever did.
        Me: 	I don't think that's what's going on at all.
        Stacy:	And what do you think is happening, huh?
        Me: 	Well, I think you're having separation anxiety.
        Me: 	I don't think that you mentally left them at all, did you?
        Stacy:	Of course not, I always keep them in my thoughts.
        Me: 	But the longer you are here, the more you feel like you're going to lose them forever. Am I wrong?
        Stacy:	...
        Stacy:	I don't think you're completely wrong about that.
        Stacy:	I don't want to lose them.
        Me: 	I understand. Look, this is all a lot; you are mentally dealing with a lot.
        Me: 	I think we should focus on the main thing that can help you right now.
        Me: 	I think you have been burning the candle at both ends, wouldn't you say?
        Narr:	Stacy looks lost in thought but not in her usual dream-like state.
        Narr:	Something you said seems to have shaken her up.
        Stacy:	Hm.
        Me: 	Maybe you should think about resting for a little bit.
        Me: 	I think it would help with your sleep issues if you would allow yourself to relax.
        Narr:	Stacy is nodding her head, you can tell she's listening, but she doesn't look like she will talk to you anymore.
        Me: 	Okay, I think I've given you plenty to think about for one therapy session.
        Me: 	We should wrap it up for today and report back to Dr. Eve.
        Stacy:	For sure, you go ahead, I think I need some time.
        Me: 	Of course.
            Me: 	(I have just enough time to help with lunch.)
        Me: 	(Should I go help with lunch or should I handle Belle's session?)
            Me: 	(Should I go help with lunch or should I handle Belle's session?)
Narr:	You arrive in the kitchen, only to see that the girls are already there.
Emily:	Aw, I love tortilla wraps!
Naomi:	Why? They're basically glorified sandwiches. So, I guess it's fitting.
Eve:	Settle down girls, communal activities strengthen the community's spirit.
Naomi:	I bet Kiara and Violet are lounging in the gazebo by now, setting the table is a much easier task than preparing the food.
Emily:	Come on, Naomi, be positive!
Emily:	Like Eve said, it's all about community.
Me: 	Speaking of community, where's Stacy?
Emily:	Huh? I thought she was with you.
    Me: 	Oh, right, she stayed behind after the session.
    Emily:	She's probably taking a break before lunch then, I wouldn't worry too much.
    Me: 	(Fuck, maybe the session shook her up too much?)
    Me: 	(Maybe I shouldn't have pried?)
    Me: 	Belle's session took longer than I expected.
    Me: 	I thought Stacy would be helping you with lunch by now.
    Naomi:	I wouldn't worry too much about it, she's probably at her favorite spot on the campgrounds.
    Naomi:	You know the one.
    Me: 	Hm, I guess I do.
Me: 	(Should I go check on her? Make sure she's okay?)
Me: 	(Or should I leave it alone? And give her some space?)
    Me: 	(Or should I leave it alone? And give her some space?)
        Me: 	I'll go check on her, be right back.
        Me: 	Hey, mind if I join you?
        Stacy:	Not at all, come, sit with me.
        Me: 	Are you thinking about what we talked about?
        Stacy:	Yeah. About everything, really.
        Me: 	Penny for your thoughts?
        Stacy:	For sure, what's on your mind?
            Stacy:	It's what you said last. About burning the candle at both ends.
            Stacy:	Your choice of words was on point. It made me think about what I've been doing for the Puncturing Flame for the last three years.
            Me: 	Did it?
            Stacy:	Yeah, I have been preaching about making your inner flame shine as bright as the day H.P.L. lit it...
            Stacy:	Yet, I have been burning mine out in service to him.
            Me: 	Are you tired of it? All the cult business?
            Stacy:	Still not a cult. And no, heavens no! Service always takes sacrifice and dedication, it isn't easy.
            Me: 	The girls said I might find you here, but it's unlike you to be alone around the camp.
            Me: 	Usually you're with Belle or the other girls.
            Me: 	Is something bothering you?
            Narr:	Stacy is quiet, contemplating your words.
            Stacy:	I've just had a lot on my mind...
            Me: 	Is that why you isolate yourself?
            Stacy:	Well...
        Stacy:	I was just wondering for how long I can keep going at this pace, you know? It has been... just so much.
        Me: 	Stacy, there is no shame in needing to take a break. You're human, not a robot.
        Stacy:	I am a servant of Our Lord, first and foremost!
        Narr:	She pauses and thinks, then responds to her own argument.
        Stacy:	But, what use is a burnt-out servant?
        Me: 	Exactly, that's what I was trying to tell you.
            Stacy:	Look, I'm not stupid, I know both you, and Eve, are trying to get me to leave the Puncturing Flame...
            Me: 	No one is trying to make you do that.
            Me: 	We are just worried you might have slipped too far down the rabbit hole and forgot about the real world.
            Stacy:	The 'real world'?! 
            Narr:	You better tread lightly, this could escalate quickly.
            Me: 	What I mean is...
            Me: 	You have been so focused on higher realities that you paid no attention to this one.
            Stacy:	Isn't that admirable? My Lord would be so pleased if he saw my efforts.
            Me: 	Of course, but as you said, for how long can you keep going before you get sick?
            Me: 	Before you can't tell dreams from reality?
            Stacy:	I can tell you are very worried about me, Dennis.
            Stacy:	I want you to know I appreciate that.
            Stacy:	I might look into slowing down when I go back to the flock, maybe taking a day off once a week or something like that?
            Me: 	It would be taking a pause for the cause, you know?
            Stacy:	Yeah, it will probably make me a better servant in the long run.
            Stacy:	Thank you, Dennis, for showing me how to be better.
            Me: 	No problem. I'm happy to help.
            Me: 	(I don't think that went in the exact direction I was hoping, but, baby steps, I guess?)
            Stacy:	I'm afraid that if I stop, I'm going to show I'm weak or unfaithful.
            Stacy:	But, I'm also afraid what will be left of me if I don't slow down.
            Me: 	I don't think H.P.L. would want you to burn yourself out in service to him, would he?
            Stacy:	Heavens no. That is the exact opposite of what he would want for me.
            Stacy:	He wants us all to be the best version of ourselves, that's when his light shines through us the brightest.
            Me: 	So, are you the best version of yourself when you are not resting and only working on recruiting new people?
            Me: 	So much so, that you even got arrested while doing it?
            Stacy:	Hey, I got arrested because I got a little too heavy handed with the pyre display on a college campus.
            Stacy:	But, your point still stands.
            Stacy:	So what? I need some good ol' work-life balance?
            Me: 	You could say so, yes!
            Stacy:	Well, thank you mister doctor, could've never gotten to that one by myself.
            Stacy:	When I get really into something, I can really lose myself in it and forget everything else.
            Me: 	Which is not a bad trait, you just need to take care of yourself as well.
            Me: 	Maybe take a few more days off, find a hobby that's not related to the Puncturing Flame?
            Me: 	Like, have you ever tried video games? They're quite fun for rest and relaxation.
            Stacy:	Yes, I have. Cults also have computers, and we use them, believe it or not.
            Me: 	Sorry, what did you just say?
            Stacy:	What? Did you think we still live in the dark ages?
            Me: 	No, did you just call the Puncturing Flame a cult?
            Stacy:	Maybe?
            Stacy:	It's just because you call it that all the time!
            Me: 	Hm, for sure. I'll take that as a small victory.
            Stacy:	Your interpretation of my words is none of my business.
            Me: 	Of course.
            Me: 	So, what are you thinking? Once you're done with camp?
            Stacy:	Go back to the compound, of course! I can't wait to go home.
            Me: 	Then you better rest up now, while you still can.
            Me: 	Since you plan to go back to being a workhorse there.
            Stacy:	There is so much joy in the work that we do, you should definitely pay us a visit one day.
            Stacy:	I can show you all the good that we do...
            Me: 	Mark that as a maybe. I find much more joy in resting, personally.
            Stacy:	Suit yourself. I don't have much choice but to rest at the moment, so I'll make the most of it, I guess.
            Me: 	You should, yeah.
            Me: 	You wanna join the rest of the girls for lunch with me?
            Stacy:	Yes, sir! I'm starving.
        Me: 	We better leave her alone, our session was a little intense.
        Me: 	Besides, I came to help you girls out, you look like you need it!
Violet:	Sorry, which one is a vegetable-filled tortilla?
Me: 	Oh, it's the one on your right, Violet.
Naomi:	Are you a vegan or a vegetarian, Violet?
Violet:	A vegetarian. My father wouldn't allow me to become a vegan.
Violet:	Says it’s not good for your body. I’d really like to go vegan, though.
Naomi:	Why exactly?
Violet:	I saw a documentary once, about chicken farms.
Violet:	I think I cried three times. I just couldn’t participate in an industry that is so unethical.
Me: 	I think that's really nice of you, Violet. Shows how kind you are.
Narr:	Violet smiles at you. Good job, Dennis.
Naomi:	Huh. I couldn't go without meat for a single day.
Narr:	An uncomfortable silence falls upon the girls. Suddenly, Naomi speaks up.
Naomi:	Which just gives me more reason to think you're really brave, Violet.
Narr:	You smile to yourself. Naomi's really an alright girl underneath all that arrogance and wealth.
    Narr:	You look over to Stacy. She seems better, less gloomy.
    Me: 	(Hopefully I helped her get some closure with that talk.)
    Narr:	She sees you looking at her and smiles. You see remnants of doubt in her eyes.
    Narr:	You look over at Belle. She gives you a wink. You really hope Eve didn't see that.
Eve:	So, Naomi, how is your short story collection coming along?
Violet:	Yeah, and when are we going to get to read it?
Naomi:	It's actually going quite well.
Naomi:	I think I'm really getting to know more about myself through these sessions and I'm able to use this in my writings.
Me: 	That's really cool. Would you be willing to share one of your stories?
Eve:	I think we'd all like to hear that.
Naomi:	Well, I have realized how much of my life is based around appearances.
Naomi:	I started thinking about what would be left of me if I removed what other people thought of me.
Violet:	That's really interesting. What did you find out?
Narr:	There's a certain look of sadness on Naomi's face. You can almost guess what she's about to say.
Naomi:	I discovered there wouldn't be anything left. I would be empty.
Narr:	A moment of silence passes. It seems like everyone is giving her space to say what she needs to.
Naomi:	So, I wrote a story about a girl that wakes up in a parallel universe and finds herself all alone in the world.
Naomi:	She realizes she doesn't really know who she is anymore.
Naomi:	So, as she's trying to get back home, she's also trying to find herself.
Eve:	That's beautiful, Naomi. I'm sure it will be an amazing story.
Naomi:	Thank you, Eve. I sure hope so.
Stacy:	I feel like that too, actually.
Narr:	Everyone turns their heads and looks at Stacy. It seems no one predicted her saying something.
Eve:	What do you mean, Stacy?
Stacy:	I guess I...
Narr:	As she's struggling to find words, you see Belle reaching out and squeezing her hand. Stacy gives her a thankful smile.
Stacy:	I guess I realized I don't know who I am, not fully.
Stacy:	I was so focused on worshiping my religion, I forgot to focus on myself. I'd...
Stacy:	I'd actually really like to go back to school and finish my studies.
Belle:	That's great, Stacy. I'm really happy for you.
Violet:	I guess we're all just looking for a place to belong.
Violet:	A few years back, I felt just like you two.
Violet:	I was chasing a sports career, trying to be the best, when I suddenly stopped and thought to myself:
Violet:	Who am I without my achievements?
Violet:	When I had to retreat from sports, I was angry and mournful, but then... I was happy.
Violet:	Because, for once in my life, I was left with nothing. It's a surprisingly hopeful place to be in.
Violet:	You can only go up.
Violet:	And, I realized, if one day something happens and I die in my sleep, I won't be sad.
Violet:	Because I put down roots. I loved and fought, and won and lost.
Violet:	And on my deathbed, I won't remember the accomplishments I made, I'll remember the people I loved.
Eve:	That's beautiful, Violet. I think it's something we should all remember. How to lean on the ones we love and persevere?
Me: 	(Wow, I didn't think my lunch would go like this...)
Me: 	(I'm feeling oddly sentimental...)
Eve:	As it is, I'm sad Emily wasn't here to hear this. She sure could use a lesson in maturity.
Narr:	As you look around, you realize it's true. Emily is nowhere to be found.
Me: 	Wait, where is Emily?
Eve:	There's always something with that girl...
Eve:	She's probably still at the house. You should go and bring her here.
Eve:	She's gonna miss out on lunch.
Me: 	She was looking forward to this lunch so much, going to bring her asap.
Me: 	Girls, please leave something for Em. We'll be right back.
Me: 	(This is weird. I wonder what Emily is doing?)
Narr:	You look back on the day so far. It was eventful, wasn't it?
    Me: 	(I'm so glad I finally spent some time with Emily).
    Me: 	(I really wish we had spent more time together in the past. Luckily, it's not too late.)
    Me: 	(And even after what she pulled this morning, she managed not to make the rest of the day awkward.)
    Narr:	Come on now, admit you liked it. And you like Emily.
    Me: 	(I have to admit I kinda liked how our day together went.)
    Me: 	(And Em... damn, I like her too.)
    Me: 	(Not only is she freaking gorgeous, but she's so fun to be around.)
    Me: 	(Wonder what Emily was doing the whole day?)
    Me: 	(I mean, she did actually get the girls in the morning... and they weren't late!)
    Me: 	(That's oddly responsible for Em.)
    Me: 	(It's definitely clear she grew up. In more ways than one.)
    Me: 	(I have to admit, she is freaking gorgeous.)
    Me: 	(Wouldn't mind having some alone time with her.)
Me: 	(Where could she be?)
Me: 	Damn.
Me: 	(What if she's not in the house at all?)
Me: 	(What if she's somewhere around the campground?)
Me: 	Nah. (We would have seen her from the gazebo.)
Narr:	As you enter, you look towards the kitchen first, almost instinctively.
Me: 	(She's not there.)
Narr:	Then a soft sound worms its way into your ear, changing you forever.
Me: 	Em?
Me: 	Emily?
Narr:	She can barely be seen or heard. But still, you hear her.
Narr:	She's moaning softly, her breathing intermittent and shallow.
Me: 	(What is she...)
Narr:	She's lying there, more beautiful than ever.
Narr:	Biting her lower lip, her eyes closed...
Narr:	She's touching herself, gently penetrating herself with her fingers.
Emily:	Uhhhh...
Me: 	(Fuck.)
Narr:	You stand in awe, blood flowing to your member as you're enraptured by the sight of her.
Emily:	Ahhhhh, mmmmm.
Me: 	(Fuck.)
Emily:	Dennis...
Me: 	Fuck.
Narr:	There's no question about it. She heard you.
Me: 	(Shit, I should have used my inner voice.)
Narr:	Emily slowly turns, her lithe body easing on the couch.
Narr:	Her pants are on the floor and she's naked below the waist. She looks at you. Her emerald eyes smiling.
Emily:	Hey, Dennis.
Emily:	I just finished thinking about you.
