Narr:	You hear your heartbeat echoing in your ears as Emily sultrily bats her eyelashes at you.
Narr:	Your mouth opens to speak, but you find yourself at a loss for words.
Emily:	Shh, you don't have to say anything...
Me: 	Em...
Emily:	Can't you listen to me for once, silly?!
Narr:	She lets out a giggle, teeth barely grazing her bottom lip as she lightly bites down on it, clearly amused by her own antics.
Narr:	You're not used to seeing this side of her.
Narr:	Emily approaches you, pressing her palms against your chest.
Me: 	(I never knew Emily could be this sexual. Sexual, sure, but this sexual?!)
Me: 	(I imagined it, of course, but this is a dream come true.)
Narr:	Already, a prominent bulge is forming within the confines of your jeans.
Narr:	Clearly excited at the prospect of something that has been culminating since you arrived.
Narr:	Emily's palms sensually slide down your chest, halting only when they reach your belt.
Narr:	Her eyes don't leave yours even for a moment.
Emily:	You have no idea how long I've wanted this, Dennis.
voice:	voice/episode10_8f0ed575.mp3
Emily:	I want to know how you taste.
Narr:	Meanwhile at the gazebo, your absence has not gone unnoticed.
Narr:	The girls seem to be growing impatient while waiting for you to return.
Narr:	You should've been back by now.
Kiara:	Did he go looking for her in the next city over?
Eve:	Now, Kiara, I am sure there is a perfectly good reason—
Narr:	Eve pauses to look off into the distance. Her eyebrows rise as she realizes exactly how long you've been gone.
Eve:	You may be onto something, Kiara.
Naomi:	What is taking so long?!
Violet:	Yeah, I'm starving.
Belle:	Can't we... just start eating?
Eve:	No, that would be impolite.
Eve:	Kiara, go see what's going on.
Kiara:	Me? Why can't Emily—
Kiara:	Oh, right... She's not here.
Narr:	Her words, laced with sarcasm, don't prevent her from getting up and leaving the gazebo.
Naomi:	Hurry up!
Emily:	I want to know how you taste.
Narr:	Your pants fall down to your ankles as Emily unbuckles them, your underwear soon follows them.
Narr:	Your cock springs free. Emily's eyes widen at the size of it, having never seen it this close before.
Me: 	Surprised?
Emily:	Please, like I couldn't tell you were big before...
Narr:	She grips the base of your dick confidently, her face inching closer and closer.
Narr:	Shivers are sent down your back in anticipation.
Narr:	Especially when you finally feel Emily's enticing breath graze your tip.
Kiara:	HELLO?!
Kiara:	WHAT THE HELL IS TAKING SO LONG?
Narr:	Both of you jump away from each other as Kiara's voice booms from outside.
Narr:	The two of you look at each other with that 'deer in the headlights' look.
Narr:	And burst into muffled laughter — cautiously quiet so Kiara doesn't hear you.
Kiara:	Hurry up, we're all hungry, and we're waiting for your slow asses!
Me: 	Emily was in the shower, we're coming!
Narr:	The two of you look at each other knowingly, all smiles and giggles as you get dressed.
Narr:	You walk toward the door without another word, but before you step out, you pull Emily into a passionate kiss.
Me: 	I hate unfinished business.
Emily:	I bet you do.
Narr:	Gently, she pokes your still quite visible bulge.
Emily:	I would hate them too if they gave me blue balls.
Me: 	Don't tease me, you'll regret it later.
Emily:	I bet I will.
Narr:	As soon as you leave the house, you see Kiara tapping her foot against the ground.
Narr:	If there's anything you know, you know that she doesn't look happy in the slightest.
Kiara:	What the hell, guys?!
Me: 	What?
Emily:	What?
Kiara:	What were you two doing in there?
Narr:	Kiara's eyes flicker down to your crotch, her brows instantly furrowing in disapproval.
Emily:	I was showering, and Dennis was waiting for me it's my fault.
Kiara:	Uhuh, uhuh.
Emily:	Don't get all pissy, you don't see me complaining when you shower for hours.
Kiara:	I don't shower when I know we're about to eat and people are waiting on me!
Me: 	Girls, girls... It's not that big of a deal. Emily made a mistake, it's fine.
Kiara:	You always defend her.
Narr:	The three of you begin walking toward the gazebo.
Kiara:	By the way, Emily, your hair is dry.
Narr:	Emily reaches to touch a strand of her hair, caught off-guard by Kiara's comment.
Me: 	(Heh, maybe I should've thought of a better lie.)
Emily:	I... I put it into a ponytail. Didn't want to get it all wet.
Kiara:	*mumbles* And yet, I bet you did, anyway.
Emily:	What was that?
Kiara:	Oh, nothing, it's just that you two are the world's worst liars.
Emily:	Oh, really, Kiara? You're the one talking?
Me: 	(My god, how did I get in between these two?)
Kiara:	I have no idea what you're referring to. Only thing I know is that you two were fucking, weren't you?
Narr:	How are you gonna unpickle this pickle now?
Emily:	Excuse you?!
Me: 	That's not what ha—
Kiara:	Don't try to bullshit me! Dennis still has a hard-on visible from the stratosphere!
Emily:	Pfff, that doesn't prove anything. Boys get those all the time for no reason!
Emily:	Also, why are you even looking at his crotch? That's so weird!
Me: 	I'm still here, I can speak for myself! Could we all just cool off a little?
Narr:	But your pleas go unnoticed. 
Kiara:	I'm really not buying this whole innocent act from you, Em. Not at all! You two are up to something.
Kiara:	You'd have to think I'm blind to not see you giving him googly eyes this whole time!
Emily:	You're the one having *mocking voice* a secret crush on him, not me!
Kiara:	Pfff, I'm not. I don't know where you got that idea from. It really sounds like you're projecting, Em. Big time!
Emily:	Why are you even still here, Kiara?!
Emily:	Weren't you supposed to be off at your new job already? I don't see why you still need to be here.
Kiara:	Oh, please! I'm the one doing all the work around here while you're prancing around camp, picking flowers or whatever the fuck you do!
Me: 	Kiara, what the hell?!
Me: 	Both of you need to quit it right now if you don't want to include Eve into this discussion!
Emily:	I wasn't the one who started this! Kiara came in accusing us both of... you know!
Emily:	How are you okay with that?
Me: 	I'm not!
Me: 	But this is not the time, nor place, to act this childish.
Me: 	Can you two at least try and pretend you tolerate each other?
Me: 	At least until we get through lunch?
Kiara:	Yeah, you're right. I don't care what you two were doing anyways... I really don't.
Narr:	But she doesn't sound like a person who doesn't care. There's defeat in her voice.
Narr:	And there's no time left to pursue this discussion further... as you see Eve waving you over from the gazebo.
Narr:	The three of you approach the gazebo in awkward silence, surrounded by tension so thick, it could be cut with a knife.
Narr:	And it's not the good kind of tension.
Eve:	There you are! We've been waiting on you for ages!
Narr:	You look at yourself, then back at Emily. Disheveled clothes, messy hair, and, not to mention, your still noticeable bulge...
Narr:	... are all telltale signs.
Eve:	Where were you two?
Narr:	Come on, Dennis! Think quick!
Me: 	We were, um...
Emily:	I was taking a shower!
Kiara:	Yeah, of course you were.
Narr:	As Eve looks at you, you can see disapproval etched in her features.
Narr:	Emily shoots a look back at Kiara. You feel uncomfortable standing so close to them.
Eve:	Quit it, you two! Whatever happened, I'm just glad you're finally back. I'm sure the girls are starving.
Narr:	As you sit down, you can still feel the tension bubbling between Kiara and Emily. You're just glad no one can see your boner anymore.
Narr:	For a few moments, no one says anything. You're almost sure you got away with it, but then...
Naomi:	Did something happen back there?
Narr:	Nothing can escape Naomi's watchful eye.
Narr:	You look between the two girls, waiting for them to say something.
Kiara:	Oh, it was nothing out of the usual. You know what they say, 'Spare the rod, spoil the child.'
Kiara:	I doubt Emily's parents picked up on that, though.
Emily:	Why would you bring up my parents? What's wrong with you, Kiara?
Kiara:	Oh my god, spare me the act! Like you're all offended now?!
Eve:	Both of you be quiet or someone's gonna be looking for a new summer job!
Emily:	Someone already is...
Eve:	Emily!
Narr:	Emily goes to say something but falls silent instead. You exhale. Eve's good at this.
Eve:	One more word from either of you and this is going to get really uncomfortable.
Narr:	Everyone is silent. No one dares to say a word.
Eve:	Good. Now that we're all on the same page, how about we continue our discussion?
Emily:	What was it you were talking about?
Narr:	You relax. It seems Emily decided to let it go. You're not sure about Kiara, though.
Eve:	The girls were talking about taking their roots in this world. Deciding what really matters to them.
Emily:	Hm. I remember a line from a movie I saw once; 'Unless you love, your life will flash by.' 
Violet:	I like that, Em.
Eve:	And, do you think you're living your life accordingly, Emily?
Narr:	Emily looks back at Eve. Her eyes go wide with amusement.
Emily:	*Giggle* Of course. If you let me quote just one more thing... There's a song I like that goes: 'If I want it, I want it forever.'
Narr:	She has a twinkle in her eye that you didn't see before.
Me: 	(Huh. Emily is really something.)
Naomi:	You would be a great character in my story, Em.
Narr:	Emily giggles. Her smile shines bright.
Narr:	She sees you looking at her and winks. You almost blush. She's a marvel to behold.
Narr:	You all continue eating in comfortable silence. Even Kiara seems to have softened up a bit.
Kiara:	So, as we're all here, I would like to make an announcement.
Narr:	Everyone stops eating. You can already guess what her announcement is, though.
Kiara:	This is my last day at camp. I have already packed my things.
Narr:	You look at everyone at the table. They all look surprised, except for Emily and Eve.
Belle:	Really, you're leaving?
    Narr:	You look at Belle. She seems genuinely disappointed.
    Narr:	Memories of your threesome together assault your mind. You smile. You're gonna miss her too.
Kiara:	Yes. I decided it was time for a change. I've been here long enough.
Violet:	I'm sorry you're leaving.
Narr:	Kiara smiles at her. A genuine smile you don't often see on her.
Naomi:	That's a shame. You're an important part of this too, you know?
Eve:	That's true, Kiara. Even though I am all for new beginnings, I must say it is hard to imagine Red Falls without you.
Narr:	You look at Kiara. An elated expression plays upon her face.
Narr:	She appears touched, almost as if she's holding back tears.
Narr:	Could that be true? Old, sarcastic Kiara getting sentimental?
Kiara:	Thank you all. I really appreciate it.
Stacy:	Do you know where you're going?
Kiara:	I have found a new place in town and a waitressing job at a nearby restaurant and bar.
Naomi:	Shame you won't be getting an upgrade, job-wise.
Narr:	Kiara doesn't seem phased by the prospect.
Kiara:	Well, I guess I'm a creature of habit.
Me: 	(Looks like Kiara really wants to leave Red Falls behind.)
Belle:	With Kiara leaving and all, it makes me think. Do you remember when we first arrived at camp?
Violet:	I do. I was quite scared, actually. Scared of having to share a room with a stranger.
Naomi:	Knowing that, it makes me feel even worse for being so mean to you. I'm really sorry, Violet.
Narr:	Violet smiles at Naomi. It seems her apology means something to her.
Belle:	I remember, too. I think I was just happy all of you are young and hot.
Belle:	Even my doctor!
Belle:	I think I expected old, crusty people in a camp for mental wellness?
Me: 	Good to know I was a pleasant surprise to someone, I guess?
Belle:	You're welcome!
Stacy:	I was scared, too.
Narr:	Everyone looks at Stacy in surprise. It seems no one expected her to chime in.
Eve:	Really? Why is that, Stacy?
Stacy:	I was scared to be so far from my family. My flock... It's all I've known for quite some time now.
Eve:	And how did you feel as time went on?
Stacy:	I guess... I don't know. What we talked about, taking roots in this world, made me think.
Stacy:	I guess it's just been a while since I made friends with the unlit. That's all.
Narr:	You look at Stacy. She seems surprisingly focused, her mind present instead of wandering off.
Narr:	Belle reaches out her hands, and Stacy takes them. They smile at each other.
Eve:	That's wonderful, Stacy. I'm glad you're coming around to being here.
Eve:	So, following this lunch, Dennis is going to have individual sessions with Naomi and Violet.
Eve:	I trust you will all follow his instructions.
Violet:	(Alone time with Dennis? That's pretty rare.)
Narr:	Violet smiles at you shyly. You're looking forward to having a session with her.
Narr:	Naomi turns to you, and, unbeknownst to everyone else at the table, puts her hand on your thigh. Your pulse picks up.
Eve:	I suppose whoever you choose first matters little, as long as you hold both sessions.
Eve:	Just don't forget to meet me in my office after you're done.
Me: 	Will do, Eve.
Eve:	Girls, I'll see you all later.
svi:	Goodbye, Dr. Eve.
Me: 	I guess...
    Me: 	I guess...
            Narr:	You pause, thinking your next choice over.
            Me: 	(I'm gonna have to do both sessions anyway. I think Naomi will be more talkative and in a better mood if I pick her first.)
            Me: 	Khm. Naomi, are you ready for your session?
            Narr:	Naomi moves her hand away, swiftly, and smiles in victory.
            Naomi:	Of course, lead the way.
            Narr:	Violet looks a little saddened by your words. You feel a tinge of guilt, but she's a big girl, she can wait a little.
            Narr:	You spot Naomi sitting in the gazebo, waiting for you patiently. The rest of the girls are nowhere to be seen.
            Me: 	(God, I hope I don't look too sweaty right now.)
            Me: 	Hey, Naomi! Violet and I have just finished up. Are you ready for our session?
            voice:	voice/e10NaomiSession_91367c54.mp3
            Naomi:	Of course, lead the way.
        Naomi:	So, are we continuing our little gardening venture?
        Me: 	Sorry?
        Naomi:	Well, we didn't finish clearing up the old camping grounds.
        Naomi:	I thought it was an obvious choice for my individual session.
        Me: 	(Hm, why didn't I think of that? Better play it off though, it's actually a great idea.)
        Me: 	That's exactly what I was thinking!
        Me: 	We can talk while we work. It will keep us moving, so we'll get some exercise in, as well as some good ol' talk therapy.
        Naomi:	I thought I was having a session with Dennis, but thanks, Violet.
        Me: 	What can I say, I think I've picked up some good habits being around her.
        Naomi:	Hm, honestly, living with her in the same cabin, I thought she'd drive me insane with that whole 'healthy life' thing.
        Naomi:	But she never forced it upon me, and now she's really warming me up to the benefits of regular exercise.
        Naomi:	Not that I don't already have a body to die for...
        Naomi:	But I would like to keep healthy, you know?
        Naomi:	And, apparently, working out has anti-aging properties too, according to Violet.
        Naomi:	Which is always a nice bonus, you know?
        Me: 	Absolutely, makes perfect sense. So, it sounds to me like you two have gotten really close?
        Naomi:	Yes, I'd say we have.
        Me: 	So, I was thinking we continue on the weeds, and then we can start cutting and digging up the shrubbery by the path.
        Me: 	That way, it's not gonna overgrow and close off this part of the camp again.
        Naomi:	Makes sense to me, let me grab the rakes.
        Me: 	(Wow, Naomi is not only working without complaint, but taking initiative, too?)
        Me: 	(Look at her, almost comfortable with getting her hands dirty.)
        Me: 	(Seeing people grow and learn is what really makes it worth the effort.)
        Me: 	(She even makes manual labor look sexy.)
        Narr:	You feel blood rushing to your nethers and your mind going blank.
        Narr:	Man, you're supposed to be conducting therapy! Get a grip!
        Me: 	(Fuuuck me, I better start talking about something — now!)
        Me: 	So, you don't mind having Violet as your roomie after all?
        Naomi:	Not at all, actually. I honestly don't know why I was so against sharing a cabin with her...
        Me: 	By your initial reaction, you must have been averse to something about her?
        Naomi:	Yeah, I guess so.
        Naomi:	I think it was the fact that she's a pro athlete. I expected her to be loud, sweaty and messy, I guess.
        Naomi:	She's the exact opposite of that, as it turns out.
        Me: 	Yeah, pro athletes usually have impeccable discipline.
        Naomi:	Then Violet is a pro, through and through. I really judged the book by its cover there, didn't I?
        Me: 	Well, you are here to learn and grow. At the end of the day, I think you're doing great.
        Naomi:	Thank you, Dennis. It means a lot.
        Naomi:	I think I now understand why Dr. Eve put Violet and me as bunkmates.
        Me: 	Why do you think she did that?
        Naomi:	Because she knew I'd react negatively to anyone who is so unlike me in every way.
        Naomi:	And now I feel like she's become the closest person to me out of everyone at camp. Isn't that crazy?
        Me: 	Not as much as you'd think. I feel like you two have a lot in common.
        Naomi:	Oh, we definitely do. The more we talked, the more I realized how similar our childhoods were...
        Naomi:	When she talks about her father and all the pressure she was under?
        Naomi:	It's like I'm listening to her talk about my mom.
        Me: 	Yes, turns out the atmosphere of a pressure cooker isn't the best environment for a developing brain.
        Naomi:	Forgive my vulgarity, but I gotta say: No shit!
        Me: 	I couldn't have put it better.
        Me: 	Also, I think we just about pulled every single weed in this area; we should get to trimming the shrubs.
        Naomi:	Yeah, you're right. Let's do that.
        Me: 	I wanted to ask you, do you still live with your parents or do you have your own place?
        Naomi:	Ha, now, this is gonna make me sound like a loser, but yes, I still live in my parents' estate.
        Naomi:	But it's not like I even see them for the majority of time.
        Naomi:	I might as well be living in my own private mansion with my parents haunting the halls like ghosts.
        Naomi:	They pop up here and there, and we have an occasional family dinner, but on a normal day?
        Naomi:	I don't even see anyone but staff.
        Me: 	Sounds kind of lonely. I can just picture you as a child, wandering those empty corridors alone...
        Naomi:	You make it sound like I had a bad childhood, Dennis.
        Naomi:	I literally had a nanny with me at all times, and my every wish and whim was fulfilled.
        Naomi:	What could I have possibly wished for that wasn't provided to me?
        Me: 	A hug?
        Naomi:	Oh.
        Me: 	Maybe having fun with your parents, playing catch or something?
        Narr:	Naomi works in silence for a little.
        Narr:	You swear that out of the corner of your eye, you see a tear on her cheek that she wipes away.
        Me: 	Naomi? Are you okay?
        Naomi:	Yeah, I'm just mulling some stuff over.
        Me: 	Take your time.
        Naomi:	It's just... I realized I thought I was an ungrateful brat all my life.
        Me: 	I mean, do you think that being handed everything on a silver platter maybe wasn't the best for you?
        Naomi:	Well, I don't mind the title of spoiled because I feel lucky that I was.
        Naomi:	But I feel like my parents missed the mark when it came to giving me what I truly needed...
        Naomi:	And I'm not only talking about my mom's... lifestyle choices, let's put it that way.
        Me: 	So what are you talking about?
        Naomi:	The fact they would rather buy me the newest Canadian doll than just sit and spend some time with me.
        Naomi:	And then yell at me for being ungrateful when I said I didn't want the damn doll.
        Naomi:	Hm, I think I'm only now realizing how hard they dropped the ball on me.
        Naomi:	I was left alone, with strangers, for the entirety of my formative years.
        Me: 	Naomi, I'm so sorry you had to go through that.
        Narr:	She's chopping the branches more vigorously. I guess plant murder is a good way to let off steam.
        Naomi:	They would even change the nannies all the time because we moved around a lot for my father's work:
        Naomi:	I never really got close to any of them.
        Me: 	That sounds very lonely.
        Naomi:	It was. Except for when my grandma was living with us.
        Me: 	Yeah, you mentioned her. So did she actually tell you any stories or?
        Naomi:	Haha, yes, she did. Not as creepy as the Hector one, but I loved her bedtime stories.
        Naomi:	She was the best mom I ever had. She's really old now, but I still visit her for the holidays.
        Me: 	That's so sweet. At least you weren't totally alone.
        Naomi:	I wasn't. I feel blessed in so many ways.
        Naomi:	I just wish they'd seen what I really needed instead of just throwing a pile of expensive stuff at me and hoping for the best.
        Me: 	I understand what you mean, but look at you now, you're doing great. You even trimmed half of the bushes yourself.
        Naomi:	Oh, wow, I didn't even realize. I was too busy talking.
        Me: 	Good job on both ends. I feel like we're really getting to the root of your issues.
        Narr:	She smiles at you, warmly.
        Naomi:	I think so, too.
        Naomi:	Uh, yard work is quite a work out, huh?
        Me: 	It's okay to take a breather, if you need one.
        Naomi:	As long as you don't tell Eve I'm slacking off.
        Me: 	Nah, that doesn't count as slacking off, don't worry.
        Narr:	She appears before you like a mirage in a desert. She looks unreal. Almost ethereal.
        Narr:	Her angelic long hair frames her head like a halo, but her dress, clinging to her breasts, almost transparent from sweat...
        Me: 	(Shit.)
        Narr:	It's making you imagine all the dirty things you would like to do to her right now...
        Narr:	Wait, are you just standing there, staring?
        Me: 	(Shit, play it cool, man.)
        Naomi:	(Wait, was he just checking me out?)
        Naomi:	(Oh, I think he was.)
        Naomi:	(I'm getting ideas~)
        Naomi:	Hey, Dennis! How are you not hot working in the sun? I'm dying over here!
        Me: 	Oh, I definitely am. I think we should've brought some water with us or something.
        Naomi:	Why don't you take that shirt off then?
        Me: 	What?!
        Naomi:	You would be less hot if you took your shirt off.
        Me: 	(Is she doing what I think she's doing?)
        Naomi:	I mean, if you do, I'm gonna be even hotter than I am now, but still...
        Me: 	Oh.
            Me: 	Oh.
                Narr:	You can't help chuckling to yourself.
                Me: 	I'll have to say no. I am not allowed to be unprofessional during a therapy session.
                Narr:	Playfully, she puts on a posh, outraged tone.
                Naomi:	Hey! You can't disobey a direct order! How dare you!
                Me: 	Again, my deepest apologies, your highness. But I cannot oblige.
                Naomi:	You're joking around, but one time, I actually met a real princess. We happened to be on the same yacht, and her staff really talked to her that way.
                Me: 	Wait, you did? No way.
                Naomi:	Yeah, but I signed a waiver, and now I'm not allowed to mention it.
                Me: 	What a shame, it sounds like quite a story.
                Me: 	But where did this come from?
                Naomi:	You addressed me as 'your highness'?
                Naomi:	I can't tell you how many 'your highnesses' I had to listen to that week.
                Naomi:	Also, I'm bored, if you can't tell.
                Me: 	Don't worry, we're almost done here.
                Narr:	You both continue working in silence, like nothing happened.
                Me: 	Well, what kind of a gentleman would I be to deprive a lady of a bit of eye candy?
                Naomi:	*Chuckles* Exactly.
                Narr:	You take off and toss your shirt to the side, and as soon as you do, Naomi can't help looking at you.
                Naomi:	My, my. You really are a snack, huh?
                Me: 	Why, thank you, my lady. Are you here for a bite?
                    Naomi:	Oh, just one little bite...
                    Naomi:	...or two.
                    Narr:	And she kisses you more passionately; you lean into it.
                    Narr:	But then you pull away.
                    Me: 	Naomi, we shouldn't...
                    Naomi:	*sigh* Yeah, I know. Sorry about that.
                    Me: 	It's okay, don't worry about it.
                    Naomi:	We got a little distracted, didn't we?
                    Me: 	Happens to the best of us. I am aware of the effect I have on women.
                    Naomi:	Oh, please, do shut up! I was just teasing you, anyways, forget about it.
                    Me: 	Sure, that's the one and only reason why you did it. Of course.
                    Naomi:	You really are something else, Dennis.
                    Naomi:	Hm, tempting, but I think I'm good.
                    Narr:	Now you're standing there, shirtless and confused.
                    Me: 	Wait, what was all of that about?
                    Naomi:	Relax, I'm just playing.
                    Naomi:	Come on, can't a lady have a little bit of fun to break the monotony of work?
                    Me: 	Not at my expense, that just isn't right.
                    Naomi:	I wasn't lying. I really do like seeing you shirtless... You are, oh, so very well-built.
                    Naomi:	But we are in the middle of a session. Get your head in the game.
                    Me: 	You were the one who started this!
                    Naomi:	I mean, guilty as charged, I suppose.
                    Naomi:	I'm sorry, I'm not gonna ask for more strip shows from you, pinky promise.
                    Me: 	Well, if you gave me something in return, I wouldn't mind.
                    Naomi:	Alright, I'll try to keep that in mind.
                Narr:	You both continue working in silence, like nothing happened.
        Narr:	And, just like that, time flows by you, and the old campground is completely clean and ready for use.
        Naomi:	I can't believe it's finally done. I thought it would take ages.
        Me: 	It did take us a few hours of work, when you add it all up.
        Naomi:	Yeah, I know, I just... never knew I would enjoy doing only manual labor for a few hours.
        Me: 	It can be really gratifying to see all the progress you've made.
        Naomi:	I had this notion in my head that you can spend all day working and still get nowhere close to being done. Is that crazy?
        Me: 	Hell no, it's not crazy. A lot of work can seem unmanageable until you actually start doing it.
        Me: 	Then you can see how you're progressing and how your hard work is paying off.
        Naomi:	So it's not so different from writing?
        Me: 	How do you mean?
        Naomi:	Well, you see, when you're writing a book, you can't know if some parts are gonna flow out, while the others, you'll have to pull out like teeth.
        Me: 	Well, it's not an exact one-to-one, but yeah, there are definitely similarities.
        Naomi:	And to think I would just call a server or a butler if anything needed to be done.
        Naomi:	I think I might just start doing some of the work around our estate myself.
        Naomi:	At least the fun kind of work. I will never scrub a toilet in my life. I'd rather die.
        Me: 	There you go, I feel like you got to the point all by yourself here.
        Naomi:	I didn't, I would've never seen it if you hadn't been by my side.
        Narr:	You smile at her. It's nice when people recognise your efforts.
        Me: 	I think this is what Eve wanted to show you by giving you manual labor as therapy in the first place.
        Naomi:	What? That it can be satisfying and not just boring?
        Me: 	More along the lines of that it can be good for you. To get you out of your head and keep you grounded.
        Naomi:	Interesting. I think Violet said the same thing about working out.
        Me: 	She's right, working out is a little different, but it does have similar effects.
        Narr:	A moment of silence passes between you.
        Me: 	Well, this is the end of our session. I think you're free for now.
            Me: 	(I still have a session with Violet that I have to cross off my to-do list.)
            Me: 	(Damn it, I'm so tired, I just want to be done with this already.)
            Me: 	(But I don't think Eve would appreciate me slacking off at work.)
            Me: 	(Hmm, what to do, what to do...)
                Me: 	(Hmm, what to do, what to do...)
                    Me: 	I still have a session with Violet to get through, so I'll walk with you, if you're headed for the campground.
                    Naomi:	Jeez, you have even more work now? And yes, we can walk together.
                    Me: 	This is my job. I am gonna do it right, or I'm not gonna do it at all.
                    Naomi:	You are a little bit of a tryhard, huh? Maybe that's why Eve took you under her wing.
                    Me: 	Haha, well it sure wasn't for my good looks.
                    Naomi:	I, on the other hand, can't wait to take a shower. Why did no one tell me work makes you sweat?
                    Me: 	This is where I leave you. It was a pleasure working with you today, Naomi.
                    Naomi:	Thanks, Dennis. See you later, okay?
                    Me: 	Of course.
                    Me: 	You go ahead, and if you see Violet, can you please let her know I'll find her for her session in a bit?
                    Me: 	I really just need to catch my breath.
                    Naomi:	Of course, I'll let her know
                    Me: 	(I think I need a break from these sessions. I'll chill in the house for a bit.)
                    Me: 	(What's the worst thing that can happen?)
            Naomi:	Oh, am I glad to hear that.
            Me: 	God, I think I need a nap after everything today.
            Naomi:	I think I need a shower or a nap. Maybe both. I'll go now, if you don't mind. See you around, Dennis.
            Me: 	See ya!
            Narr:	With that, both sessions are finished. What a good job you have done. Eve is bound to be pleased.
            Me: 	(I should check in with her, then I think I'll rest. I'll burn out at this pace.)
            Me: 	I think I'd like to talk with Violet first.
            Narr:	Naomi discreetly removes her hand from your thigh. You can feel disappointment radiating off of her. Tough luck.
            Narr:	You and Violet both stand up. You reach out your hand.
            Me: 	My lady?
            Narr:	Violet giggles as the other girls groan at your cliche line. Violet seems to like it, though.
            Narr:	She takes your hand as you both leave the gazebo.
            Narr:	You see Violet waiting for you. The rest of the girls are nowhere to be seen.
            Me: 	Hey, Violet! If you're ready, I'd love to talk to you now.
            Me: 	Don't worry, I don't bite.
            Narr:	You reach out your hand toward her.
            Me: 	My lady?
            Narr:	She takes your hand and you both leave the gazebo.
        Violet:	So, where are we going?
        Me: 	I was thinking we should have our session at the volleyball field.
        Violet:	We're going to play volleyball?
        Narr:	You can see a glimmer of excitement in her eyes. This was a good idea.
        Me: 	If you want to, yes.
        Violet:	Come on, you know I want to.
        Me: 	I might have had an inkling, yes.
        Violet:	Good thing I'm already dressed for the occasion.
        Violet:	*Smiles* You ready?
        Me: 	*Smiles* Take it easy on me.
        Narr:	Violet serves first and flings the ball over the net.
        Narr:	You barely manage to follow up, but as you do, you bump the ball over the net.
        Me: 	Wow, you're really good at this.
        Violet:	Huh, years of practice paid off.
        Narr:	As Violet passes the ball back to you, you think about what you're going to say.
        Me: 	You know, what you said today really struck me as interesting.
        Violet:	Yeah? About what?
        Me: 	About being scared when you came here. You know why that's interesting to me?
        Violet:	No, why?
        Me: 	Because, when you're in your element, like right now, you're fearless.
        Narr:	Violet misses the pass and the ball falls next to her feet. She looks at you in bewilderment.
        Violet:	You really mean that?
        Me: 	Yes. You've always done your own thing.
        Me: 	And, contrary to your shyness, you've proved time and time again that you're a force to be reckoned with.
        Narr:	Violet picks up the ball and stares at it. It seems she's at a loss for words.
        Me: 	Violet, what do you really fear?
        Violet:	I don't... I don't know...
        Me: 	Think about it. What are you most scared of?
        Me: 	Oh shii...
        Narr:	It was like the ball got possessed and moved in an unexpected direction.
        Narr:	You totally missed it, by the way.
        Violet:	Yes! Yes! Yes, yes!
        Me: 	Haha, wha... What was that?
        Violet:	What? It's something one guy did in a documentary I saw.
        Violet:	It's how I always celebrated a point or a good game.
        Me: 	And that's why you're fearless. You embraced that 'victory dance'.
        Me: 	You made it your own.
        Violet:	Well, yes. There's nothing to be ashamed of.
        Me: 	Exactly! It's the same with your condition. Nothing to be ashamed of. It's what makes you, you.
        Narr:	She's silent for a moment, seemingly lost in thought. 
        Violet:	But it's not the same thing, Dennis.
        Me: 	How's that not the same?
        Me: 	Both of those things are what makes you, you, Violet.
        Me: 	Okay, one thing is involuntary, and the other, purposeful, but it is you who decides how it defines you.
        Violet:	You have me at a loss here.
        Me: 	Okay, let's put it like this. After you win, you do your victory dance, right?
        Violet:	It is called a victory dance, Dennis.
        Me: 	Hear me out, Vi. So, while you do the "dance", does the crowd laugh or cheer?
        Violet:	Everyone is usually cheering. I haven't heard anyone laugh.
        Me: 	Exactly. It's because you own it. You made that dance yours.
        Me: 	Same can be achieved with your condition.
        Violet:	What was that saying? 'Wear what you are like an armor, and it can't be used against you'?
        Violet:	Is that what you're getting at?
        Me: 	(What's with the girls here and quoting stuff?)
        Me: 	In a manner of speaking, yes.
        Violet:	I mean, it makes sense. The problem is, I can't see how I can play it off.
            Violet:	You've seen how I react to it. I cannot control what happens, especially during a competition...
            Violet:	I just can't. It's too embarrassing.
            Violet:	That's why I'm here. It's that, or the end of my career.
            Violet:	You don't know how strongly I react to it. It's overwhelming.
            Violet:	If it happens during a competition, like it has before, it's embarrassing.
            Violet:	And it negatively affects my career.
        Me: 	I understand. It's not something that you can easily overcome.
        Me: 	What were Eve's thoughts on it?
        Violet:	She didn't disclose it to you?
        Me: 	I'd rather you tell me of your experience with Eve.
        Violet:	Well, we did talk about it. A lot. She even tried hypnotherapy on me.
        Me: 	Did it help?
        Violet:	Not in the slightest, I'm afraid.
        Me: 	I think there isn't any sort of foolproof method that can help you.
        Me: 	I'm sorry to say so, but there isn't some magical way to make it go away.
        Me: 	But, I believe that you can work on just embracing it. Making it your own, like you did with the dance.
        Me: 	And, with time, you'll master it.
        Violet:	You really think that, don't you?
        Me: 	I see you, Violet. For what you are.
        Me: 	An intelligent, talented, driven, young woman. One that accomplishes whatever she puts her mind to.
        Violet:	Thanks, Dennis. That means a lot.
        Me: 	So? We have a deal then?
        Violet:	Haha, I can only promise to try my best.
        Me: 	That will be more than enough.
            Me: 	What do you say we finish our volleyball game?
            Me: 	We're currently tied.
            Violet:	You're really itching for a loss there, Dennis?
            Me: 	You ready for this?
            Violet:	It feels like you're mimicking me to get under my skin.
            Me: 	They call me Cerebral–
            Me: 	Assassin!
            Narr:	All that effort is easily deflected by Violet. She's confident that she's better than you.
            Narr:	She catches the ball effortlessly and digs it up high in the air.
            Violet:	And they call me—
            Violet:	The Queen of Queens!
            Narr:	There was no chance in the world you could have stopped that ball. Violet just outmatched you.
            Narr:	Maybe it's time to change the tactic?
                Narr:	Maybe it's time to change the tactic?
                    Me: 	I'd rather we play a friendly match.
                    Violet:	What's your angle there, Dennis?
                    Me: 	No angle, I just want to talk with you a bit more.
                    Me: 	Can't do that if you're super competitive.
                    Violet:	Yeah, I do get into that mode easily.
                    Violet:	I'm supposed to serve now.
                    Me: 	Oh, sorry. Catch!
                    Narr:	Seems it was a good call to take it easy.
                    Narr:	You're having fun playing volleyball with Violet and it gives the two of you a chance to chat some more.
                    Me: 	I like the change.
                    Violet:	What change?
                    Me: 	I'm talking about you, Violet. You've changed.
                    Violet:	Have I?
                    Me: 	You're more open about yourself and to new experiences.
                    Me: 	I would also say people, but you were always friendly, even toward those who didn't deserve it at first.
                    Violet:	You mean like Naomi?
                    Me: 	I won't name any names.
                    Violet:	Words could never hurt me. Only actions could.
                    Violet:	I've learned that early in life.
                    Me: 	Is that why you've built that wall around you?
                    Me: 	To avoid getting hurt?
                    Narr:	Violet falls silent. You allow her a moment to recollect.
                    Me: 	There are cracks in the wall now, Violet.
                    Me: 	And, behind it, there's you. Unrestrained and free.
                    Me: 	Beautiful.
                    Violet:	You've made some of those cracks, Dennis.
                    Violet:	I didn't think it was possible.
                    Me: 	I'm glad I had that effect on you.
                    Me: 	Can't wait to finally meet the real Violet.
                    Violet:	I've always been real. It just takes time to get to know me.
                    Me: 	The real real you?
                    Violet:	You know what I mean.
                    Me: 	I know, but it's refreshing to see past your shyness and all those barriers you erected.
                    Me: 	Only when we step out of our comfort zone, can we see what we're truly capable of.
                    Me: 	What we were always capable of.
                    Me: 	Oh, we're playing for real?
                    Violet:	Hell yea', we are!
                    Me: 	Okay, you asked for it.
                    Narr:	Nobody asked for this.
                    Narr:	Violet catches the ball and digs it high in the air. You've seen how this plays out already.
                    Violet:	It was my turn to serve!
                    Narr:	You try to catch the ball, throwing yourself after it in the process. To your credit, you do hit the ball, sending it to the other side.
                    Narr:	Under the net.
                    Me: 	Next time.
                    Violet:	Sure thing, I'm looking forward to it.
                    Narr:	Time for talk has passed. Violet's competitive spirit has awakened.
                    Me: 	I got it!
                    Narr:	You manage to dig the ball, sending it flying awfully near the net. You have a chance to score.
                        Narr:	Your inner athlete emerged. Even Violet was surprised by the skill you displayed, catching the ball with precision, slamming it over the net.
                        Violet:	Woohoo! Good game, Dennis!
                        Narr:	With incredible zest, you try mimicking Violet's victory dance.
                        Me: 	Yes! Yes! Yes, ye–
                        Narr:	You got so caught up in your celebration that you lost your balance and fell.
                        Violet:	Haha!
                        Me: 	Ahahaha!
                        Narr:	There's no denying that you gave it your best, but it wasn't enough.
                        Narr:	Violet was already by the net, her trained eye seeing the trajectory of the ball and her body readying to intercept it.
                        Violet:	HA!
                        Me: 	Nooooo!
                        Narr:	Your yelp fades away as Violet scores and you fall to the ground.
                    Violet:	Here, let me help you.
                    Me: 	Thanks, Violet.
                    Narr:	She helps you up, even though you didn't need help. As she pulls you up, you're standing inches away from her.
                    Narr:	The silence between the two of you must somehow be broken.
            Violet:	Ehm...
            Violet:	Thanks for everything.
            Narr:	You return the hug, knowing you can't match Violet's warmth nor strength. You should stop being so competitive.
            Me: 	It's nothing.
            Narr:	You share the hug for a while and end it almost simultaneously.
            Me: 	I should go. Eve is waiting for me.
            Violet:	I know.
            Me: 	See you at the viewing party?
            Violet:	Or maybe before? I'll be catching some sun at the Community patio.
            Narr:	As you turn and leave, Violet is left standing there, her eyes focused on you, watching you leave.
            Narr:	She, too, hates unfinished business and words left unspoken.
            Violet:	Thanks, Dennis.
            Narr:	Violet springs to her feet with unmatched grace. It's like your talk has invigorated her.
            Violet:	So, what are you doing now? Have some free time?
                Me: 	You heard Eve, best I go and see her.
                Violet:	I understand. I'll try to use up what time we have left before the party and find a place to unwind.
                Violet:	Might even sunbathe a bit on the Community patio.
                Narr:	As she's leaving, she turns toward you, one last time. You're hit with deja vu.
                Me: 	(Woah, that threw me for a loop. It's almost like I've seen that look on Violet before.)
                Me: 	You heard Eve, I still need to have a session with Naomi.
                voice:	voice/e10g1GameContinuation_a71eca9a.mp3
                Violet:	I understand. I'll try to use up what time we have left before the party and find a place to unwind.
                voice:	voice/e10g1GameContinuation_62d195b6.mp3
                Violet:	Might even sunbathe a bit on the Community patio.
                Narr:	As she's leaving she turns toward you, one last time. You're hit by deja vu.
                Me: 	(Woah, talk about weird. I feel like I've seen that look on Vi before.)
                    Me: 	(Woah, talk about weird. I feel like I've seen that look on Vi before.)
                        Me: 	(This went well. Hope Naomi won't be in one of her 'spoiled princess' moods today.)
                        Me: 	(At least she didn't have sandwiches for lunch today.)
                        Me: 	I think I'll have a break from sessions. I'll go and chill for a bit, then go see Naomi.
                        Me: 	What's the worst thing that can happen?
Narr:	As you approach the front door, you spot Emily already there.
Narr:	She doesn't seem to have noticed you yet. She seems lost in her own world.
Me: 	Hey, Em!
Narr:	She turns to you abruptly. It seems you've startled her a little.
Emily:	Oh, hey, Dennis!
    Emily:	Done with the sessions already?
    Me: 	Almost, I'm just catching my breath.
    Emily:	Soo? How did it go?
    Me: 	Pretty good, I'm pleased with my work. Hope Eve will be too.
    Emily:	Are you headed to her now?
    Me: 	I mean, I was, but I was gonna take a breather before that.
    Me: 	I think my muscles will give out after all these physical sessions...
    Emily:	So, what I am hearing is, you have some free time right now?
    Narr:	She smirks, her expression reflecting devious thoughts.
    Me: 	Technically, yes, but I did want to talk to you about earlier today, actually.
    Emily:	I wanted to do more than talk, but that's a good start, I guess.
    Me: 	I'm being serious, Em. We need to talk.
    Emily:	Are you done with the sessions?
    Me: 	Yes, just finished, actually.
    Emily:	Soo? How did that go?
    Me: 	Pretty good, I'm pleased with my work.
    Me: 	I hope Eve will be too.
    Emily:	Oh, are you headed to her now?
    Me: 	I was, but I'm glad I caught you. We need to talk.
    voice:	voice/e10GoToTheHouse_f8853b76.mp3
    Emily:	I wanted to do more than talk, but that's a good start, I guess.
    Me: 	Em, I'm being serious.
Narr:	Emily seems to deflate a little. She looks down.
Emily:	Oh. I mean, of course. You wanna join me?
Narr:	She pats the stair next to her, and you sit down, staring ahead. You take a moment to think, deciding what to say first.
Emily:	Is this how you reject me?
Me: 	What?! No, no, that's not it at all!
Emily:	It isn't? Because that's what people usually mean when they start a conversation with 'We need to talk', you know?
Me: 	I wanted to check if you were okay, actually.
Emily:	I am? Why? What do you mean?
Me: 	I mean with Kiara and how she almost walked in on us? That whole thing?
Emily:	Oohh, that? *Laugh* Don't worry about it, I can handle a little bit of blue balls, come on.
Me: 	That's not what I meant. Things got really heated between you and Kiara afterwards...
Emily:	I can defend myself just fine, you know? Besides, I feel like I got what I asked for there.
Me: 	What you asked for? What do you mean?
Emily:	That I was a bitch to her, and she was a bitch to me back. I feel like this is pretty standard for us.
Emily:	I don't think I came out of that a bigger person, Dennis. I literally asked her why she hadn't left the camp yet.
Me: 	Be that as it may, I still wanted to check on you.
Emily:	You knew I was fine, but you wanted to check on me anyways?
Me: 	Yes, of course I did.
Emily:	Why?
Me: 	That's what you do for people you care about, Em.
Emily:	In that case, thank you for checking up on me. I am doing fine.
Narr:	Her expression changes into a cheeky smile, like she's hiding a secret.
Emily:	More than fine, actually.
Emily:	Honestly, I loved that she got sooo mad about us going MIA together...
Me: 	Why? Do you like getting yelled at?
Emily:	No, no, I don't. It's because I touched something she thought was all hers...
Narr:	She traces her fingers up your inner thigh. You meet her gaze and see a fire burning behind them.
Me: 	*Gulp*
Me: 	Khm, oh wow, Em, I really wish we had time right now.
Narr:	Emily raises an eyebrow, not removing her hand.
Emily:	Don't we?
Me: 	Sadly, no, Eve is expecting me in her office as we speak, remember?
Emily:	Damn it.
Emily:	I hope she's giving you college credits for this.
Me: 	Oh, you don't get it, do you? College credits be damned, I'm gaining real life work experience here.
Me: 	The experience she's allowing me to gain here—conducting therapy? That's invaluable for my future career.
Me: 	I guess she's sort of like my mentor now, since she's treating me like an apprentice already.
Emily:	Oh my god, that's amazing!
Me: 	I know, right?
Emily:	She didn't say a word about it to me. I thought she was just using you for free labor.
Me: 	I mean, she is, but I am getting benefits out of it, so I'm not gonna complain too much.
Emily:	Then you better go! Business first, fun later.
Narr:	She is smiling, but she's bad at hiding her disappointment.
    Narr:	She is smiling, but she's bad at hiding her disappointment.
        Me: 	Exactly, when duty calls, I better answer.
        Me: 	Especially when said duty has Eve's low tolerance for running late.
        Emily:	*Giggle*, Yeah, you better run, she'll smite you if you keep her waiting.
        Me: 	I'll find you later, okay?
        Emily:	Please, do.
        Narr:	You both share a long moment of looking into each other's eyes.
        Narr:	No words were necessary to express the longing between you.
        Narr:	You break her gaze first and stand up.
        Me: 	I really gotta go, so don't run off or something.
        Emily:	I would never!
        Me: 	Fuck, I'm sorry, Em. I really want to stay with you right now.
        Emily:	You do?
        Me: 	Of course I do, but don't worry. I'll be back as soon as I get Eve off my back.
        Emily:	I'm holding you to that.
        Emily:	Besides...
        Emily:	You only gave me a taste...
        Emily:	And now I want the full meal.
        Me: 	(Oh, shit.)
        Narr:	With that, Emily springs to her feet and prances away, sneaking a little wink at you on the way out.
        Narr:	You are left dumbfounded, your heart pounding, your palms sweating and dick uncomfortably straining against your pants.
        Narr:	You want nothing more than to run after her and have her right here and now, but...
        Me: 	*Deep sigh*
        Me: 	(Oh, Eve better be quick with this or, I swear to Heavenly Lotus whatever, I'm gonna lose my shit.)
Narr:	You knock on the door before entering.
Eve:	Ah, Dennis.
Eve:	What a pleasant surprise.
Narr:	Eve looks at you hungrily, lips curled into the faintest of smirks.
Narr:	There's something predatory in her eyes, but you do not mind at all.
Narr:	In fact, you could even say that it excites you.
Me: 	Come on, Eve, you knew I was coming!
Eve:	You're right, I did, but you can't blame me.
Eve:	You are a sight for sore eyes.
Eve:	(Was that too forward?)
Eve:	(Get a grip, Eve.)
Me: 	I came to give you a report about the girls, I think I had some very productive sessions.
Eve:	Well, I am eager to pick your brain.
Narr:	Eve motions for you to sit down on the nearby chaise lounge, and you are not one to argue.
Narr:	You sit down, holding the notebook in your hands, sheepishly flipping through it.
Me: 	I will admit, though, Eve... I wasn't the best at keeping notes.
Eve:	Oh?
Narr:	Her eyes visibly widen, as if caught by surprise by your admission.
Eve:	I won't lie to you, Dennis. That is slightly disappointing.
Eve:	For a student such as yourself, taking notes is crucial. Even for professionals, it's important.
Me: 	I have a really good explanation, though.
Me: 	You see, most of the sessions I've led have been in practical situations.
Me: 	Besides, isn't it better if the girls are relaxed? I'm closer to them in age, they can open up to me more easily.
Narr:	Your own innuendo flies over your head, surprisingly.
Me: 	I would even say that some of them consider me a friend...
Eve:	Hm, I suppose you are right.
Eve:	Still, I want you to know that you won't always have the luxury of not documenting your process, so don't get used to it.
Me: 	I wouldn't dream of it.
Eve:	Well then, Dennis, the floor is yours.
Narr:	Eve leans back in her chair, observing you under her eyelids.
Narr:	That look of hers stirs feelings within you that you've just begun to get comfortable with.
Me: 	I would like to start with the fact that this opportunity means tremendously much to me.
Me: 	It's nice to know you see me as an adult, Eve.
Eve:	(You have no idea...)
Narr:	Again, the tension momentarily misses you, but you can't help wondering why the collar of your shirt feels tighter.
Eve:	You give me too much credit, Dennis.
Eve:	I wouldn't have given you this chance if I thought you were not ready.
Eve:	You've been here for many summers, through thick and thin.
Eve:	You major in psychology and you're a hard worker, I see no reason why you shouldn't have gotten this opportunity.
Narr:	Eve smiles at you kindly, and you can't help returning the gesture.
Eve:	Now, stop making me get all mushy and get down to business!
Me: 	Right, right, my bad!
Me: 	Anyways, where to start?
Narr:	You take a moment to collect your thoughts, your index finger and thumb reaching to rub at your chin as you contemplate your next words.
Narr:	Finally, you speak.
Me: 	Violet has, perhaps, been the most withdrawn of our patients.
Me: 	While all of the other girls have been outspoken, she has been shy, quiet and even reserved.
Me: 	It is unusual because you would think someone like her would be used to being seen by big crowds of people.
Me: 	That brings us to the issue of her... spontaneous orgasms.
Me: 	It is an unfortunate affliction that she is quite uncomfortable with.
Narr:	Eve doesn't respond, but nods along to your words.
Narr:	Whether she means it in approval or not, you are yet to find out.
Narr:	But you take her silence as a cue to continue.
    Me: 	For our session, I took her to the volleyball field.
    Me: 	It would've been a shame if we had spent such a lovely day just sitting and talking.
    Me: 	Especially when we're dealing with someone as active as Violet.
    Eve:	That is a fair assumption.
    Me: 	Anyways, we spent a good chunk of time after lunch just talking and playing.
    Me: 	It's safe to say that this Violet we're talking about is not the same Violet that arrived at camp.
    Eve:	Oh?
    Me: 	She's so much more open and confident, unafraid to speak her mind and show exactly how she feels.
    Eve:	And what makes you say that, Dennis?
    Me: 	Well, she isn't as scared of putting me in my place as she was, that's for sure!
    Me: 	And despite starting off on the wrong foot, she and Naomi have become good friends.
    Eve:	That's good to hear.
    Me: 	And, of course, there's the fact that she's not ashamed of her condition anymore.
    Me: 	Rather, she is learning to embrace it as part of her.
    Me: 	(I probably shouldn't mention exactly how we came to that)
    Me: 	Violet has made tremendous progress, I think we can agree on that.
    Me: 	I can really see that the time she spent here has helped her come out of her shell.
    Me: 	It shows best in the way she interacts with her other campmates.
    Me: 	Despite her and Naomi starting off on the wrong foot, I've noticed that, not only have they come to terms with their living arrangements, but they've also become friends.
    Eve:	That's a keen observation, Dennis.
    Me: 	Sure, there is still some baggage she has to deal with, her upbringing is not something we can make her get over in a week.
    Me: 	Her... clapping affliction is unfortunate, however.
    Me: 	It's one that is not easily resolvable either.
    Me: 	So it's my opinion that, rather than curing it, we should teach her how to live with it and accept it.
    Me: 	But it is my humble opinion that Violet is on the right track to recovery.
    Eve:	Well, I am happy to hear that.
    Eve:	Though, I suppose I'll have to do one last evaluation on my own.
Me: 	All things considered, Violet hasn't been as difficult as some of the other girls.
Me: 	If we ignore her condition, her biggest behavioral issue is the fact that she's shy and withdrawn.
Me: 	Which, honestly, isn't that big of an issue at all.
Me: 	People come in all shapes and sizes.
Eve:	You're absolutely right, Dennis, but we still need to get to the bottom of her compulsion.
Eve:	That's why she's here.
Me: 	Well, I firmly believe that the solution isn't curing it, but rather teaching her to accept it.
Eve:	Hm...
Eve:	Maybe you're onto something, we'll come back to it later.
Narr:	You take that as a small victory as Eve writes something down in her notebook.
Narr:	Whatever the case, you are just glad you could be of some help.
Me: 	Since we got Violet out of the way, I suppose it's fair that we move on to her roommate next.
Eve:	Of course, I'm curious to hear your analysis.
Me: 	Naomi... Where to start with Naomi?
Me: 	I think you and I both know that she's a bit... difficult.
Narr:	Eve chuckles, but offers no further comment. She's really letting you take the stage here.
Me: 	For Naomi, you recommended active therapy — cleaning up the old camping grounds.
Me: 	While I will report that she was reserved at first, it didn't take long for her to pick up the rake and get to it.
Eve:	I suspected that would be the case.
    Me: 	To say Naomi had a change of heart would be an understatement.
    Eve:	Is that so?
    Me: 	She's definitely not as high-strung as she makes herself up to be.
    Me: 	In fact, she's actually a deeply sensitive person, which makes the circumstances surrounding her upbringing seem that much more unfortunate.
    Me: 	Sure, you can't really say that growing up rich is unfortunate, but in some cases, it can be dull and stifling.
    Me: 	Especially for someone as creative as Naomi.
    Eve:	Indeed, but that doesn't change the fact that she has some behavioral issues...
    Me: 	Out of all our patients, Naomi has the least issues. Sure, she has a selfish streak, but how many people have that?
    Me: 	Besides, one thing I can guarantee is that Naomi has truly learned how to share and put others first... in some situations at least.
    Eve:	Really? What makes you say that?
        Me: 	(Nope, can't mention that.)
    Me: 	Just look at her and Violet's relationship, that should be enough proof.
    Me: 	Do you think that the Naomi that newly arrived at camp would've been so accepting of Violet?
    Me: 	She told me herself she had grown quite fond of her.
    Eve:	That is great progress, I would say.
    Me: 	And most importantly, Naomi is aware that her upbringing was a blessing in a way.
    Me: 	But it was also something that made her interpersonal relationships that much harder.
    Me: 	She is accepting that her having access to the best of everything doesn't mean she is better than someone who doesn't have it.
    Me: 	And that's what signifies true growth.
    Eve:	Excellent work, Dennis.
    Me: 	I think, for Naomi, it has been really beneficial that we've nurtured her talent for storytelling.
    Eve:	She indeed has a talent.
    Me: 	Doing something as vulnerable as telling stories in front of girls she doesn't know really helped her to see them as her equals.
    Me: 	It helped her open up and give them a chance. I think she learned quite a lot from the experience.
    Me: 	I think Naomi really needed to be vulnerable...
    Me: 	I don't think it's something she was given a chance to be in that cutthroat world of hers.
    Eve:	So, you really think some progress has been made?
    Me: 	Definitely, but it's hard to tell with Naomi, since her problem hasn't been as glaring as those of the other girls.
    Eve:	I suppose I'll do one final evaluation on my own, but I do trust your analysis.
Me: 	Either way, we can both agree that Naomi really shouldn't be here.
Eve:	You might be onto something, it should certainly be looked into.
Eve:	I can confirm that, while being selfish is a horrible quality to have, it's not enough for someone to be admitted to this facility.
Eve:	I believe it was her mother that sent her here.
Me: 	Don't you think that's a little bit suspicious?
Eve:	Yeah, when you say it like that, it does reek.
Eve:	Thank you for bringing it up, Dennis. I'll make sure it's sorted out.
Narr:	Eve's pen glides toward the paper in front of her once more.
Narr:	Even though the situation is comfortable, you can't help feeling like you're being examined.
Narr:	Examined by a really hot teacher, but examined nonetheless.
Me: 	Now that we got Violet and Naomi out of the way, I think it's time we moved onto the more... severe cases.
Narr:	To this, Eve simply nods, which is your cue to continue.
Me: 	I think we can both agree that these last few days have been... tough on Stacy.
Eve:	Indeed, I have never seen someone regress so suddenly in the middle of therapy.
Me: 	Unfortunately, her dreams are not something you, or I, can influence.
Eve:	I know, I'm just curious as to what might have triggered it.
    Me: 	Well, Stacy expressed what might be her issue.
    Eve:	Oh?
    Me: 	It's simpler than we think… She's homesick.
    Eve:	Homesick?
    Me: 	The sudden separation from her flock is what's causing certain feelings of unease, anxiety and general restlessness.
    Me: 	While it wasn't as bad when she first got here, it only got worse as she began to bond with the others.
    Me: 	Her newly found friendships reminded her of what she's missing... Her flock.
    Eve:	Perhaps, Dennis, but is the flock really what's best for her?
    Eve:	She ended up here for a reason. Arson is not a light crime.
    Eve:	The only reason she wasn't sent to prison was because of her age — and the fact that she was a first-time offender.
    Me: 	Stacy is aware that it was a mistake on her part; she was a little...overzealous.
    Me: 	But you and I both know that she didn't start that fire because of malicious intent.
    Me: 	It is my opinion that Stacy's problem doesn't lie with the group she associates herself with.
    Me: 	Rather the fact that she has a tendency to hyperfixate.
    Me: 	In turn, that hyperfixation means she takes things a bit to the extreme.
    Me: 	I also wondered, during our session... Have you perhaps considered that Stacy could be afflicted by parasomnia?
    Eve:	Parasomnia? No, I haven't considered it.
    Me: 	She matches the symptoms and the general description.
    Eve:	You might be onto something here, Dennis.
    Eve:	Excellent work.
    Me: 	Stacy worries the others as well, not just you and me.
    Me: 	Belle has really pulled through when it comes to comforting her...
    Me: 	But the fact that she seems more troubled with each passing day is what's problematic.
    Eve:	What do you think might have brought on this sudden regression?
    Me: 	It could be many things, but I think it's hard to pinpoint the exact cause without having additional sessions with her.
    Me: 	It's just up to us to figure it all out.
    Me: 	I'll be honest with you, Eve, I feel like I didn't dedicate enough of my time to Stacy.
    Me: 	It's just that managing four girls really scrambled my brains, and maybe I should've focused more of my attention on her.
    Eve:	It's alright, Dennis, I never said this job was going to be easy.
    Eve:	I can see that you care about Stacy, but at the end of the day, you are still learning.
    Eve:	Perhaps the most important lesson that you will learn is that you can't help everyone.
    Eve:	It's also the hardest.
    Me: 	I know... Stacy's a good girl.
    Eve:	She is, but even good girls make mistakes.
    Eve:	This camp is her second chance, and we have to make sure she doesn't waste it.
    Me: 	You know I'm on board.
Me: 	One thing we can agree on is that Stacy has a lot of work ahead of her.
Me: 	With the right support, I believe she can be fully rehabilitated.
Me: 	Aside from the last few days, I can say that she has been making some progress.
Me: 	I just wish we could find the root of her issue, that is all.
Eve:	Don't beat yourself up over it, Dennis.
Eve:	You are still learning, and you will find that, even when you dip into professional waters, you will never find an answer to everything.
Eve:	But I really do applaud your effort above all.
Narr:	It's nice to receive praise for your work, especially from someone you admire as much as you do Eve.
Narr:	No longer do you find yourself fased by her dutiful note-taking.
Me: 	And finally, last but not least... Belle.
Narr:	You notice Eve shifting in her seat, leaning against the table as if to get closer to the information you're about to reveal.
Me: 	Belle has been... a challenge.
Eve:	I had a feeling you'd say that.
Eve:	Even I found myself caught in a corner with that girl.
Me: 	Which is understandable... She's not easy.
Me: 	But I believe I have figured it out.
    Me: 	I know you were against the session I had planned for Belle...
    Eve:	I was, but I decided to trust your judgment.
    Me: 	And thank you for that, I am proud to say that, although risky, it was worth it.
    Eve:	Oh?
    Me: 	The Belle that was in my room was an entirely different person from the one we are used to.
    Me: 	The moment she sat herself in front of my laptop and started up that game, it was like a mask came off.
    Me: 	This Belle that I came to know was softer, earnest and, dare I say, surprisingly talented when it came to playing the actual game.
    Me: 	Her hypersexuality comes from one thing and one thing only — the desire to attain her dreams.
    Me: 	Something that she viewed as mandatory to succeed, became an uncontrollable and inappropriate compulsion.
    Eve:	Very interesting, Dennis, very interesting indeed.
    Me: 	Now that we know this, we know how to approach her treatment.
    Me: 	This is simply the matter of her believing her talents are not enough to make her stand out...
    Me: 	Just because it's an insecurity doesn't mean we should take it lightly. It's something that we should tackle with caution.
    Eve:	I must admit, Dennis, you were right to suggest your approach to Belle's session.
    Eve:	I'm sorry I was skeptical; you have proved me wrong.
    Me: 	I really wasn't trying to prove you wrong. I just want her to get better, that is all.
    Eve:	Allow yourself to be praised every now and then.
    Me: 	Alright! Praise accepted!
    Eve:	What you have just displayed here is what separates a good therapist from a bad one.
    Eve:	You carefully analyzed your patient and found a way to make them as comfortable as they could possibly be.
        Me: 	(Don't know if THAT is a mark of a good therapist, but she did get comfortable... That's for sure.)
    Me: 	Belle is a tough nut to crack, I will give her that.
    Me: 	She is brazen, shameless and knows no boundaries.
    Me: 	I don't think she even believes there is something wrong with her, and that makes her that much more difficult to work with.
    Eve:	Indeed, I knew she would prove to be a challenge.
    Eve:	Even I found myself at a loss when it came to Belle.
    Eve:	Tackling her hypersexuality is difficult, especially when she sees absolutely nothing wrong with it.
    Me: 	Would you allow me to propose a theory?
    Eve:	Please do.
    Me: 	I think her compulsion comes from a deep-rooted insecurity.
    Me: 	This might be something worth looking into, but it will be difficult.
    Me: 	Especially because she presents herself as someone who is overly confident.
    Me: 	But I think it might be worth it.
    Eve:	I will make sure to look into it, you might be onto something.
    Eve:	I'm just at my wits end with that girl.
    Eve:	I can barely get a word in without her retorting with some sort of sexual innuendo.
    Eve:	Or a blatant attempt to get intimate with me.
    Me: 	(Now that's something I'd like to see.)
    Me: 	In any case, we have our work cut out for us with Belle.
    Me: 	But hey, at least it's not boring!
    Eve:	That's for sure.
    Eve:	Thank you for putting in an effort at least; I know it must have been difficult for you.
    Me: 	It's part of the job. I'm aware that most cases won't be a walk in the park.
    Me: 	It's better to tackle them now than be caught off guard when I graduate and get hired.
    Eve:	You can say that again.
Eve:	Overall, Dennis, I am very proud of you.
Eve:	You did better than I expected.
Me: 	Oh, come on, Eve. You doubted me?
Narr:	That elicits a chuckle from Eve.
Narr:	You can't help dragging your gaze down her perfect figure.
Eve:	If I had doubted you, I wouldn't have given you this task to begin with.
Eve:	When I say that you did better than I expected, I mean that you showcased maturity uncharacteristic of a student.
Eve:	I've seen less mature professionals whose problem solving skills were not as intricate as yours.
Eve:	I look forward to seeing the trajectory your career will take.
    Eve:	And it is now that I realize that what happened earlier was a mishap and not something that showcases your true character.
    Eve:	I now believe that you really are serious about Naomi.
    Narr:	You can sense a slight tinge of bitterness in her tone.
    Me: 	Everything alright, Eve?
    Eve:	Of course, of course... But if you don't mind me asking...
    Eve:	How serious are you about Naomi?
    Me: 	What do you mean?
    Eve:	Well, you are a young man and Naomi is a beautiful, attractive girl—
    Narr:	Before she can finish, you are quick to interrupt her.
    Me: 	Oh, no. While I do like Naomi very much, I'm really not in the business of getting tied down at the moment.
    Me: 	Right now, I am in a phase where I am sowing my oats, so to say. I'm not looking for anything long term.
    Me: 	Especially considering that Jane and I broke up recently.
Eve:	Which brings me to the question..
Eve:	How open are you to...
Narr:	It is here that Eve pauses, lacing her words with tension you've never experienced before.
Eve:	... new experiences?
Me: 	Do you mean like... skydiving?
Narr:	She gives you a deadpan look, as if she can't believe you have just asked her that.
Eve:	No... I don't mean skydiving...
Eve:	Maybe I expressed myself wrong... Broadening your horizons is, perhaps, a better term.
Me: 	Oh, I see...
Me: 	So, something like trying Indian food when your only experience with Asian cuisine has been Chinese food?
Narr:	At this point she decides to take the initiative, rising from her seat and walking over to you.
Eve:	Gosh, how can someone so smart be so dense sometimes?
Eve:	Perhaps it's a classic male affliction but... I can't help finding it wildly attractive.
Narr:	Only then do you realize what this is about and something stirs instantly within you.
Narr:	You find yourself at a loss for words as something that you've been fantasizing about is finally about to come true.
Narr:	Perhaps words are unnecessary in a situation like this, and you rise from the chaise lounge.
Narr:	You find yourself right in front of Eve, mere inches separating you.
Narr:	Your hands grasp her waist, hungrily, as you pull her closer to you, your jean-clad erection pressing against her leg.
Narr:	You are about to crash your lips against hers when one of her fingers finds its place on your lips.
Eve:	Easy...
Eve:	I still have some work to do.
Narr:	You have half a mind to just bend her over the desk and allow both of your passions to come to life, but you simply sigh.
Me: 	You're killing me...
Eve:	I know, I know... Trust me, I want this.
Eve:	I promise, if you wait, I will make it worth your while.
Eve:	Think of it as a reward for all your hard work... All you have to do is wait for a little while longer.
Narr:	A grin spreads across your features as you take a step back, releasing Eve from your passionate grasp.
Me: 	I'll take your word for it, doctor.
Narr:	Eve's hand suddenly reaches for your crotch, giving the bulge that formed a light squeeze.
Eve:	And I expect to see how big you really are.
Narr:	She gives you a wink before gesturing toward the door.
Eve:	Now go... before I change my mind and get fired for ignoring my work.
Narr:	Without another word, you saunter toward the door, as slowly as you possibly can in hopes of teasing her.
Narr:	You exit the office, shutting the door behind you, quietly.
Narr:	Only then do you realize that the sexual tension in that room could've been cut with a knife.
Me: 	(Woah, that was something else...)
Me: 	(This summer is certainly turning out to be more than what I bargained for.)
Me: 	(First Emily, now Eve...)
Me: 	(I still can't wrap my head around it all, but then again, maybe it's better I don't think too much about it.)
Me: 	(I suppose I'm free for a while now, but... what should I do?)
Me: 	(Should I wait for Eve or go look for Emily?)
Me: 	(On one hand, I don't think Eve will be very happy if I don't indulge her, but on the other hand, I do have some unfinished business with Emily.)
Me: 	(Either way, I'm sure that, no matter the choice, I will be more than happy.)
    Me: 	(Either way, I'm sure that, no matter the choice, I will be more than happy?)
        Me: 	(No, this is an opportunity I simply cannot pass up.)
        Me: 	(This is like a teenage fantasy come true!)
        Me: 	(Not even 'like', this is a teenage fantasy come true.)
        Me: 	(If I miss this, I will never forgive myself.)
        Narr:	Already, your mind races to every single fantasy you've had of Eve since puberty hit you like a ton of bricks.
        Narr:	Eve in racy underwear, Eve bent over her office desk, Eve–
        Narr:	You're even making me get off track here.
        Me: 	(Eve said I should wait for at least an hour before I come back...)
        Me: 	(Now... what can I do to kill time that will also make me forget about what awaits me at the office?)
        Narr:	You tap your foot against the ground before you realize that you probably shouldn't linger in front of Eve's office for too long.
        Narr:	You don't want to look desperate, so you place your index and your thumb against your chin, thinking about what to do next.
        Narr:	From the corner of your eye, you can see Violet sunbathing on the patio.
        Narr:	But on the other hand, Kiara or Emily might need your help at the house.
        Me: 	(Choices, choices.)
            Me: 	(Choices, choices.)
                Me: 	(I don't want the girls to get pissy with me. I should probably go and see if they need help with anything.)
                Me: 	(Besides, I bet time will fly by if I busy myself with something.)
                Me: 	(Who knows? Maybe Kiara and Emily will be extra grateful if I help them out.)
                Narr:	As always, you appear to be the most noble of us all, and so you make your way out of the Community Center and head for the front house.
                Narr:	You enter through the front door, the area surprisingly quiet.
                Me: 	(Odd, not even the TV is on.)
                Narr:	You revel in the silence, taking a moment to reflect on everything that has happened since your arrival.
                Me: 	(I feel like a totally different person...)
                Me: 	(And to think I was annoyed about being called here. I never thought this summer would be so life changing.)
                Me: 	(And the girls... They've come so far.)
                    Me: 	(Violet is a changed girl, it's hard to believe she was so shy when she first arrived at camp.)
                    Me: 	(I'm glad I could help her come out of her shell.)
                    Me: 	(But most of all, I'm really glad she is making friends here.)
                    Me: 	(From a selfish rich girl to an aspiring writer.)
                    Me: 	(She even managed to warm up to Violet.)
                    Me: 	(At one point, I really thought I would have to keep Naomi from clawing Violet's eyes out.)
                    Me: 	(Heh, who would've thunk?)
                    Me: 	(Stacy really learned how to step away from her obsession.)
                    Me: 	(But even so, her religion is hardly anything harmful...)
                    Me: 	(Is her piety harmful or the community that merely encourages her reckless behavior?)
                    Me: 	(It's certainly some food for thought.)
                    Me: 	(I've never really seen Belle in that light before...)
                    Me: 	(It's a testament to the fact that you should never judge a book by its cover.)
                    Me: 	(Or the first couple of pages... Or chapters...)
                    Me: 	(Point is, you have to read it till the end!)
                Me: 	(Not to mention, these last twenty-four hours have been a rollercoaster.)
                Me: 	(Eve...my boyhood fantasy...)
                Me: 	(Emily...someone I never expected to see in such a light.)
                Me: 	(I never thought of either of them in such a light, but now that I have, it's like a floodgate opened.)
                Me: 	(It's sad to think that, in a blink, it'll all be over, and I'll be back in my dorm room, attending classes.)
                Me: 	(Only now... Jane won't be there.)
                Me: 	(I wonder what she's getting up to.)
                Narr:	You instinctively reach for your phone and scroll through your contacts, thumb hovering over Jane's name.
                Me: 	(Of all people, I wonder why Jane popped into my head.)
                    Me: 	(Of all people, I wonder why Jane popped into my head.)
                        Narr:	You tap your thumb against the contact, pulling up the call screen.
                        Narr:	It rings... Once... Twice... It feels like forever.
                        Jane:	Hello?
                        Narr:	You find yourself at a loss for words, as if you didn't really think this through.
                        Narr:	Well... you really didn't think this through.
                        Jane:	... Heellooo?
                        Narr:	This is getting awkward. Say something, anything!
                        Me: 	Yes, uhm... Hi... Jane... It's me!
                        Jane:	I know, I have your number saved.
                        Jane:	Is everything alright?
                        Narr:	For a moment, a thought crosses your mind.
                        Narr:	It's nice to hear her voice.
                        Me: 	Yeah, everything is fine!
                        Me: 	I just wanted to call and ask how you were doing.
                        Narr:	On the other end of the line you hear the rustling of leaves, the sound of birds chirping.
                        Jane:	Oh, you know... just helping my dad in the garage with stuff.
                        Me: 	Yeah, yeah, I hear ya. Looks like you're pretty busy as well.
                        Jane:	Why did you call, Dennis?
                        Narr:	She cuts you off entirely, not allowing you to act like nothing has happened.
                        Me: 	Seriously, Jane, I just wanted to hear how you were doing.
                        Jane:	You think this is making the whole situation any easier for me?
                        Narr:	She catches you off guard there. You did not even think about her feelings.
                        Me: 	You're right, I didn't think...
                        Me: 	I just... missed hearing your voice.
                        Jane:	I missed hearing yours too...
                        Jane:	But I don't think this is helping either of us.
                        Jane:	At the end of the day, we made a mature decision.
                        Me: 	Did we?
                        Narr:	You are greeted by silence on the other end of the line. It feels like it lasts forever, but you have no idea how to break it.
                        Jane:	Please, don't call me again for a little while.
                        Narr:	The line cuts off before you can respond, and you lower the phone from your ear in defeat.
                        Me: 	(Wait, why did it sound like she was outside?)
                        Me: 	(Nevermind that, I feel like such an asshole.)
                        Me: 	(No, I really shouldn't open that pandora's box, not with everything that's going on.)
                        Me: 	(We broke up for a reason, it wasn't sustainable...)
                        Me: 	(I just can't understand why she's still crossing my mind.)
                        Narr:	You remain standing there, phone in hand as you contemplate your decision.
                        Narr:	Surely there's a reason why you got this sudden urge to call her...
                        Me: 	(No, no... Control yourself.)
                        Me: 	(I made a decision, and I will stick to it.)
                        Me: 	(Besides, I would probably ruin her day by calling her, no matter how amicable our breakup was.)
                Me: 	(I really shouldn't think about this too much.)
                Me: 	(What's done is done.)
                Narr:	You pocket your phone before the sound of plates clanking catches your attention.
                Me: 	(Someone's in the kitchen...)
                Me: 	(But then again, Violet is sunbathing on the patio, so I could always see what she's up to.)
                Me: 	(I can always stop by the kitchen if it doesn't take up too much of my time.)
                    Me: 	(I can always stop by the kitchen if it doesn't take up too much of my time.)
                        Me: 	(I should go and see Violet...)
                        Me: 	(She likes her alone time, but I'm sure she'll appreciate my company.)
                        Me: 	(Ah, what the hell... Maybe I can be of use in the kitchen.)
                        Me: 	(I'm sure Violet will appreciate some alone time.)
                Me: 	(I shouldn't lose my train of thought here again.)
                Me: 	(And there's no way in hell I'm calling Jane again.)
                Me: 	(As far as I remember, time spent with Violet was always time well-spent.)
                Me: 	(I deserve to take it easy every now and then; I'm sure no one will die if I'm not around to help out.)
                Me: 	(I practically do all the work around here!)
                Narr:	Deciding that you deserve a break, you make your way to the patio, eager to give your complexion some tan.
                Narr:	Your mind is still buzzing with the possibility of what awaits you in Eve's office when your fantasy is broken by a sight to behold.
                Narr:	Violet's skin glistens in the sun, clearly covered in the faintest layer of sunscreen.
                Narr:	In this light, she looks like a goddess, perfectly shaped and toned, a sight for sore eyes.
                Narr:	It leaves you staring for a moment, completely mesmerized, but you are quick to get a hold of yourself.
                Narr:	Violet still hasn't noticed you.
                Narr:	You approach her tentatively, brushing your fingers against her forearm, gently, to get her attention.
                Violet:	Mmm?
                Narr:	She looks up at you from below, smiling at you faintly. She's not even slightly startled by your sudden approach.
                Violet:	I was wondering if you'd stop by.
                Me: 	How's it hanging, Violet?
                Violet:	Well, as you can see, I am enjoying my free time.
                Me: 	You didn't wait for me to help you with that sunscreen?
                Violet:	Hah, I didn't even know you were going to show up!
                Me: 	Didn't I say I'll stop by?
                Violet:	No, as a matter of fact, you didn't.
                Me: 	Well... surprise?
                Narr:	You bless her with one of your mischievous grins, and you can see, by her expression, that she finds it endearing.
                Violet:	I'm glad you're here, at least now there's someone to keep me company.
                Me: 	I thought you enjoyed meditation.
                Violet:	I do.
                Me: 	Well, isn't this kind of the same thing?
                Violet:	No, not really— Though, I suppose when you put it like that, I could've killed two birds with one stone.
                Narr:	You move to sit next to her, leaning onto the backrest and throwing your head back.
                Narr:	Trying to enjoy the sun as much as Violet does, despite being clothed.
                Narr:	She rests her legs onto your lap — laying one foot just above your crotch, pressing down on it lightly.
                Violet:	Won't you sunbathe with me, Dennis?
                Me: 	What? I am.
                Violet:	You're clothed, that's kind of counterproductive.
                Me: 	You want me to get into my underwear?
                Violet:	I mean... you can take those off, too.
                    Me: 	(She's feeling much more confident after our session.)
                    Me: 	(It makes her just that more attractive, as if that was possible.)
                Narr:	You chuckle at the comment, taking your shirt off in one well-practiced move.
                Me: 	Look, I'm not sure how much some innocent passerby would appreciate my dick swinging about unhinged.
                Violet:	Hey, you might be surprised.
                Narr:	You continue enjoying the sun, now uninhibited by the cotton layer that covered your chest.
                Me: 	Damn, Vi, you were right.
                Me: 	This is so much better.
                Violet:	*Giggles* I know.
                Violet:	Were you given the afternoon off after the sessions?
                Me: 	Kind of... I'm waiting for Eve to finish some paperwork.
                Violet:	Weren't you supposed to have a meeting with her after the sessions?
                Narr:	Let's see you army crawl your way out of this one.
                Me: 	Oh... Uh... Yeah, I was, but when I came to the office she was swamped.
                Me: 	I understand her completely. She wants to be focused when I'm giving my report.
                Violet:	And let me guess, you have nothing to do, so you accidentally stumbled upon me?
                Me: 	Come on, Vi. It's not like that. You know, the moment I got told by Eve to wait, you crossed my mind!
                Violet:	Really?
                Me: 	Yea, why would I lie?
                Me: 	You know I enjoy spending time with you.
                Violet:	You're right, sorry.
                Me: 	It's okay. Between you and me, I think you've made tremendous progress.
                Violet:	I feel like I have as well.
                Me: 	And that's all that matters. If you were stagnating, you would feel lost and insecure.
                Me: 	But trust me when I tell you, Vi, you're on the right path.
                Violet:	Thanks, that means a lot.
                Narr:	After that, you enjoy the silence, sneaking glances at the mounds that are Violet's breasts.
                Narr:	Her toned stomach, long hair that you could just imagine yourself pulling at—
                Narr:	No, you should conserve your energy for Eve.
                Me: 	I should get going, Violet. I heard someone tumbling in the kitchen so they might need help.
                    voice:	voice/e10CommunityAreaNode_95dea9da.mp3
                    Violet:	Really?
                    Narr:	It is then that Violet rises, her perfect, large breasts staring back at you. She arches her back so they come into full view.
                    Narr:	She knows exactly what she's doing.
                    Violet:	I think you owe me, mister.
                    Me: 	Owe you?
                    Violet:	Yeah, you kind of ran off after our session.
                    Violet:	I wanted to thank you for everything you did for me.
                    Narr:	She presses her pinky finger against her lower lip, looking at you with pleading eyes.
                        Narr:	She presses her pinky finger against her lower lip, looking at you with pleading eyes.
                            Narr:	It seems you've found quite a good way to occupy yourself.
                            Narr:	Coming here was certainly a good idea.
                            Me: 	Let's take this somewhere more private.
                            Narr:	As you say that, Violet's lips curl into a devilish smirk.
                            Violet:	I don't think so.
                            Narr:	As soon as she finishes that sentence, she pounces on you like a wildcat, straddling you and staring at you from above.
                            Violet:	I want you here and now, I don't care who sees.
                            Me: 	Really?! Are you sure about this–
                            Narr:	She interrupts you by crashing her lips against yours in a rough kiss, making her intentions more than clear.
                            Narr:	Your palms find their place on her waist, giving it a squeeze before you begin grinding her down against your eager member.
                            Violet:	Mmm.
                            Narr:	The vibrations of Violet's soft moans tickle your lips...
                            Narr:	Your grip on her waist loosening as she moves down, planting kisses along your chest until she gets to your crotch.
                            Narr:	She begins to unbutton your pants, not moving her gray eyes away from yours for even a moment.
                            Me: 	I've never seen this side of you before...
                            Violet:	Well, I think you might just like it.
                            Narr:	Tentatively, she slides your pants and underwear down to your ankles and makes quick work of wrapping her lips around your tip.
                            Narr:	Your eyes close in pleasure as she begins to suck on it lightly.
                            Me: 	Aah, this feels amazing, Violet...
                            Violet:	Mhmm... *suck*
                            Narr:	Gradually, her lips envelop your length entirely; her mouth slowly sliding down as she takes the whole of you into her mouth.
                            Me: 	Mmm...
                            Narr:	She begins to bob her head up and down.
                            Narr:	Violet hums in pleasure, sending pleasant vibrations through you, accompanied by her incessant sucking and slurping.
                            Violet:	You taste wonderful. *suck*
                            Me: 	Your mouth feels wonderful.
                            Narr:	When you open your eyes to look at Violet, you find her looking right back at you.
                            Narr:	You don't bother hiding the surprised smile on your face.
                            Me: 	(I always knew she could be sexual, but this is something else.)
                            Me: 	Oh god, Violet, I'm close...
                            Violet:	Not yet.
                            Narr:	She removes her mouth from your tool, positioning herself upright.
                            Narr:	Just as her mouth did moments before, Violet's beautiful breasts wrap around your member, and she presses onto them.
                            Narr:	It gives you just the right amount of pressure, as she begins to slide up and down the slickness left by her talented mouth.
                            Violet:	Do you like that?
                            Me: 	Mmm, what do you think?
                            Violet:	I think I can always do better.
                            Me: 	(In a situation like this, I really love that she is a perfectionist.)
                            Narr:	Violet starts moving faster, your cock producing the most pleasant sounds as it slides seamlessly between Violet's impressive mounds.
                            Me: 	Aren't you... Mmm... Aren't you worried someone is going to catch us?
                            Violet:	I don't care about what others think anymore.
                            Narr:	Never have you been more grateful that you actually took the time to be vigilant when it came to holding sessions.
                            Narr:	It's certainly paying off now.
                            Violet:	I want to feel you inside me.
                                    Narr:	You don't need to be told twice, as you grab Violet by her hair, tugging on it lightly for the sake of moving her away from your cock.
                                    Narr:	You are quick to press her lips against yours, your tongues intertwining, battling for dominance.
                                    Narr:	By pressing your palm against her chest, you push her onto the couch; Violet lands on her back and looks at you with pleading eyes.
                                    Violet:	Please put it inside me, Dennis.
                                    Me: 	You really want it?
                                    Me: 	(I want to hear you say it, Violet.)
                                    Narr:	Your brow arches at her curiously.
                                    Violet:	Yes! Please put your big dick inside me.
                                    Me: 	(I love when she's so vulgar.)
                                    Narr:	You position yourself between Violet's legs, your member pressing against her entrance.
                                    Violet:	Mmm..
                                    Narr:	Violet mewls in pleasure as you slowly slide yourself in, inch by inch, until you are completely enveloped by her warmth.
                                    Me: 	You're so tight.
                                    Me: 	I love that I'm finally fucking you.
                                    Narr:	You begin rocking your hips back and forth, setting a relentless pace as you fuck her.
                                    Violet:	Aah— Oh, god!
                                    Violet:	You're—mm so good!
                                    Violet:	I've never had anyone this big before.
                                    Narr:	You continue fucking her, burying your face into her neck as you begin to suck and nibble on it.
                                    Me: 	You feel so good, Violet.
                                    Violet:	Mmm— Aaah!
                                    Narr:	You move onto her chest, putting one of her nipples into your mouth, sucking on it lightly.
                                    Narr:	You don't need to be told twice, and you are quick to rise to your feet.
                                    Narr:	Your dick slides out of the sheath that were Violet's beautiful, glistening breasts with ease.
                                    Narr:	It takes you only a couple of steps to get behind Violet, your palm pressing against her back as you push her down into the couch.
                                    Narr:	Her toned behind is now fully displayed to you, and you can't help but marvel at what is presented.
                                    Me: 	You have a beautiful body, Violet.
                                    Narr:	If you could, you would certainly hear Violet blush as you said that. But instead of responding, she looks at you over her shoulder and bites her lip.
                                    Violet:	Fuck me, Dennis.
                                    Narr:	Her forwardness no longer catches you by surprise, and you position yourself over her entrance.
                                    Me: 	Where's the rush, Vi?
                                    Narr:	You will show to her that you are the one in control. Slowly, you push your tip in, and Violet is already moaning.
                                    Me: 	I am going to take my time with you.
                                    Violet:	Aaah...
                                    Narr:	Inch by inch, you slowly bury yourself inside Violet, stopping only when you feel your hip bones cushion themselves against Violet's firm buttocks.
                                    Narr:	You remain still for a moment, enjoying the feeling of Violet wrapped around you.
                                    Violet:	I love it when you fill me up.
                                    Me: 	You do?
                                    Violet:	Mhm...
                                    Narr:	Suddenly, and without any warning, you slap one of Violet's asscheeks, making them jiggle.
                                    Violet:	AaaAAH!
                                    Narr:	The move sends Violet over the edge, and she's practically melting underneath you.
                                    Me: 	You like that, huh?
                                    Narr:	Violet barely manages to utter a response before you slap her ass again.
                                    Violet:	Dennis!
                                    Narr:	Only then do you begin fucking her, sliding in and out of her and setting a vigorous pace.
                                    Narr:	You don't need to be told twice as you grasp Violet by her arms and yank her toward you until she's sitting on your lap.
                                    Narr:	You position yourself over her entrance, holding her by the waist.
                                    Violet:	I'm done waiting, Dennis.
                                    Narr:	Before you can prolong this, Violet drops down onto your dick and instantly releases a scream of pleasure.
                                    Violet:	AAAH!
                                    Narr:	She begins bouncing up and down on your shaft, her beautiful tits following her passionate movements.
                                    Narr:	You can feel that she's enjoying this with every fiber of her being, and you don't mind her insistent slamming onto your member.
                                    Narr:	She's taking control, and it's a good look on her.
                                    Violet:	Fuck, fuck, FUCK!
                                    Violet:	I love riding you so much!
                                    Narr:	You begin to take some initiative yourself, guiding her hips with the hands that once rested on her waist.
                                    Narr:	All the while, your hungry mouth moves onto her perky nipples, taking one into your mouth and sucking on it, eagerly.
                                    Narr:	You can feel that, if she keeps this up, she will cause both of you to erupt sooner rather than later.
                            Narr:	You pull your dick out of Violet swiftly, not wasting any time to push her onto her back.
                            Narr:	You position the tip over her entrance, rubbing it lightly as you tease her.
                            Narr:	Violet moans in pleasure as you begin to give it to her, inch by inch.
                            Violet:	You feel so good.
                            Me: 	I missed being inside you, Violet.
                            Violet:	I missed having you inside me.
                            Narr:	You begin ramming yourself into Violet with reckless abandon, enjoying every twitch and every moan that your skillful lovemaking is eliciting.
                            Narr:	You pull your dick out of Violet swiftly, not wasting any time in flipping her onto her stomach and positioning her.
                            Narr:	You position the tip over her entrance, rubbing it lightly as you tease her.
                            Narr:	Violet moans in pleasure as you begin to give it to her inch by inch.
                            Violet:	You feel so good.
                            Me: 	I missed being inside you, Violet.
                            Violet:	I missed having you inside me.
                            Narr:	You begin ramming into Violet with reckless abandon, enjoying every twitch and every moan that your skillful lovemaking is eliciting.
                            Narr:	You pull your dick out of Violet swiftly, not wasting any time in moving her onto your lap.
                            Narr:	You position the tip over her entrance, rubbing it lightly as you tease her.
                            Narr:	Violet moans in pleasure as you begin to give it to her inch by inch, her arms wrapping around you.
                            Violet:	You feel so good.
                            Me: 	I missed being inside you, Violet.
                            Violet:	I missed having you inside me.
                            Narr:	You begin ramming Violet onto you with reckless abandon, enjoying every twitch and every moan that your skillful lovemaking is eliciting.
                            Me: 	Hnng.
                            Violet:	Yes, Dennis, right there!
                            Narr:	You and Violet continue fucking like wild animals, caring little about the passionate sounds coming out of you both.
                            Narr:	Nothing else mattered at this moment, only the fact that both of you were close to reaching your peak.
                            Eve:	Huh?
                            Narr:	Your audible moans and grunts seem to have reached the last place you wished for it to reach.
                            Narr:	Eve raises her gaze from the work in front of her, tilting her head as if to better hear what is going on.
                            Eve:	(Goodness, I am dripping...)
                            Narr:	She shifts in her seat, as if her own panties were awfully tight.
                            Eve:	(I'm so horny I am hearing things...)
                            Eve:	(My colleagues would have a field trip if they knew…)
                            Narr:	She chuckles to herself, ignoring your and Violet's throes of passion and returning to her work.
                            Eve:	(At least my own imagination is a pleasant distraction.)
                                Me: 	I'm very close, Violet.
                                Violet:	Aah– Me too– Aaah!
                                Narr:	You feel Violet clenching around your member, the tremor that is her own orgasm coursing through you, helping you reach your own peak.
                                Violet:	AAAH, [m!ut], FUUUUCK!
                                Narr:	You continue pushing into her, helping her ride out her pleasure to the absolute maximum before unloading yourself into her.
                                Me: 	Uhhhh, mmmm!
                                Narr:	Ropes of thick, hot cum fill Violet to the brim, causing her entrance to overflow with your cum and your cum to trickle down your own dick.
                                Me: 	I'm very close, Violet.
                                Violet:	Aah– Me too– Aaah!
                                Narr:	You feel Violet clenching around your member, the tremor that is her own orgasm coursing through you, helping you reach your own peak.
                                Violet:	AAAH, [m!ut], FUUUUCK!
                                Narr:	You continue pushing into her, and just as you are about to reach your peak...
                                Narr:	You pull out of her and spray your hot load all over her chest.
                                Me: 	Uhhh, mmmm!
                                Narr:	Your hot cum trickles down Violet's plump breasts, dripping down her nipples as you give her the best possible shower anyone could ask for.
                                Me: 	I'm very close, Violet.
                                Violet:	Aah– Me too– Aaah!
                                Narr:	You feel Violet clenching around your member, the tremor that is her own orgasm coursing through you, helping you reach your own peak.
                                Violet:	AAAH, [m!ut], FUUUUCK!
                                Narr:	You continue pushing into her, and just as you are about to reach your peak, you pull out of her, flip her over and spray your hot load all over her plump ass.
                                Me: 	Uhhh, mmmm!
                                Narr:	Your hot cum trickles down Violet's ass in a steady stream, making it all sticky.
                            Narr:	The culmination of both of your orgasms leaves you both spent, and you slump onto the couch, catching your breath.
                            Narr:	Your eyes lock with Violet's, who is just as out of breath as you, and you smile at each other.
                            Me: 	That was some workout, huh?
                            Violet:	And to think I said I was taking a break today.
                            Me: 	I love this new side of you, Violet, you've really grown, you know that?
                            Violet:	I feel like I have... You have no idea how much you have helped me with that.
                            Me: 	I'm glad I could help you close this chapter of your life.
                            Narr:	You begin putting your clothes back on, starting with your shirt and then your pants, which were discarded somewhere.
                            Violet:	Well, I certainly hope we'll be able to have one of these workouts again.
                            Me: 	You can count on it.
                            Narr:	Once dressed, you lean over to Violet and plant a chaste kiss on her cheek before moving away and sauntering back to Eve's office.
                            Me: 	(Time to reap the fruits of my labor)
                            Narr:	The amount of self control you display in situations like these is applause-worthy.
                            Me: 	(I must save my energy for Eve. It might just require the performance of a lifetime.)
                            Me: 	Sorry, Vi, but I really do have some work to do.
                            Narr:	You can see, by the sudden change in her expression, that she doesn't like that.
                            Narr:	In fact, if you looked closer, you could even swear she looked hurt.
                            Violet:	Yeah... I guess... Don't let me hold you back.
                            Narr:	You're about to put your shirt on, but her words compel you to turn towards her and press your lips against hers in a kiss.
                            Narr:	Evidently, that lifts her spirits and you back away, maintaining eye contact with her...
                            Me: 	I'll make it up to you, I promise.
                            Violet:	You better.
                    Violet:	Yeah, I know you're the most wanted person in this camp!
                    Me: 	Hey, that's not true...
                    Violet:	I would beg to differ.
                    Violet:	Don't let me keep you from your work, we'll talk later.
                    Violet:	Who knows, maybe we can find out if you've been working on your yoga poses.
                    Me: 	Come on, I'm starting to think you take pleasure in being better than me!
                    Narr:	That makes her laugh, and she lowers her head to rest it on the couch.
                    Violet:	Thanks for stopping by.
                    Me: 	Anytime, Vi.
                    Me: 	Whatever you need, don't be scared to ask.
                    Violet:	You know I won't be.
                Violet:	Now stop stalling and go do your work!
                Narr:	You laugh whilst putting your shirt back on and proceeding to head off.
                Me: 	(Violet's really cool... and hot... That's a bonus.)
                Narr:	Is her being cool or hot a bonus?
                Narr:	Whatever the case, you make your way back to the house.
            Kiara:	And now, we just need to stack all of this. No biggie.
            Me: 	Damn it, that's a lot of plates.
            Kiara:	There's a lot of us at camp.
            Me: 	Seven people doesn't seem like that much.
            Kiara:	Of course, until they all eat at the same time. Grab a plate.
            Me: 	Oh, I was actually going to go find Emily...
            Narr:	And that was the WRONG thing to say. Kiara looks like she is about to pop a blood vessel.
            Narr:	She steps in front of you, blocking your way out.
            Kiara:	You said you were gonna help me, and now you wanna fuck off with Emily again?
            Me: 	No, no, that's not what I meant.
            Kiara:	Come on, don't try to pull this on me, I know what you're up to. You think I was born yesterday?
            Kiara:	You're not on a vacation here. We have a job to do.
            Me: 	(Why did I even go near her right now? It's like I willingly walked into a nuclear reactor.)
            Me: 	Kiara, calm down, I just wanted to go and find her so we have an extra pair of hands, but I guess we can handle it on our own.
            Kiara:	Two people is enough. Start scrubbing.
            Narr:	And so you do... for an unbearably long time.
            Me: 	(The Emily excuse didn't work, but... I know who might just get me out of stacking dishes.)
            Me: 	(No, no, I shouldn't. I said I would help Kiara. What an ass I would be to use Eve as an excuse to get out of it.)
            Me: 	...
            Me: 	(Then again, Eve did invite me back to her office. I could totally go and check if the offer is still on the table.)
            Me: 	(Fuck, she might be on the table.)
            Me: 	(No, focus man, focus!)
                Me: 	(No, focus man, focus!)
                    Me: 	(No, I can't stay here, this is unbearable.)
                    Me: 	Shit, how long have we been here?
                    Kiara:	I'm not sure, I wasn't checking the time. Why?
                    Me: 	Eve told me to meet her back at her office. She didn't say when, but I should probably go and check...
                    Kiara:	You probably should, yeah. You were giving her the therapy reports before, right?
                    Me: 	(Oh my god, how did that work?)
                    Me: 	Yeah, we didn't manage to finish, she had some other business to attend to.
                    Me: 	It shouldn't be too long; I'll be back right away if she's still busy.
                    Kiara:	For sure, go. I am okay here.
                    Narr:	You try not to skip with joy as you're exiting the kitchen.
                    Me: 	See you in a little bit, Kiara.
                    Kiara:	See ya!
                    Narr:	You find yourself standing in front of the door to Eve's office once more.
                    Narr:	It's funny how time passes quickly when you don't want it to, and excruciatingly slowly when you are waiting for something.
                    Narr:	Had it been up to you, you would've never left her office without getting what you wanted.
                    Narr:	But lady Fate seemed to have other things in store.
                    Narr:	With a deep breath, you knock on the door; wiping your sweaty palms on your jeans.
                    Me: 	(Why are you so nervous, Dennis?)
                    Me: 	(It's just Eve on the other side of this door.)
                    Me: 	(You've fantasized about this since you were a boy.)
                    Narr:	Your train of thought is interrupted by a sultry voice coming from the other side of the door.
                    Eve:	Come in.
                    Narr:	You open the door with an audible creak and enter. You're greeted by a sight to behold.
                    Eve:	My, my... Aren't you a sight for sore eyes?
                    Narr:	If you didn't know any better, you would think this was just another one of your wet dreams.
                    Narr:	But this is as real as it is going to get.
                    Narr:	This is Eve in front of you. Your mentor and soon to be lover.
                    Me: 	You knew I was coming.
                    Eve:	Well, maybe you could have changed your mind while you waited...
                    Me: 	Changed my mind?
                    Eve:	I never thought someone as young as you would find someone like me... interesting.
                    Narr:	Her demeanor shifted suddenly, from a confident vixen to a shy schoolgirl.
                    Me: 	(I've never seen this side of her before.)
                    Me: 	(Who would've thought... Eve has an insecure side to her.)
                    Narr:	You decide that the best possible approach is to close the distance between you and Eve.
                    Narr:	You find yourself standing in front of the desk; face to face with Eve.
                    Me: 	Someone like you?
                    Me: 	Eve, you are smoking hot.
                    Narr:	She appears to be caught by surprise as soon as those words leave your mouth.
                    Narr:	Her eyes drift downward, unable to face you directly.
                    Eve:	I'm hot?
                    Narr:	You notice the faintest tint of pink coating her cheekbones.
                    Me: 	I find it hard to believe that someone like you isn't aware of that!
                    Me: 	Come on, don't make me be the one doing the psychoanalyzing.
                    Narr:	That elicits a laugh from her.
                    Me: 	There is no reason to be insecure when you look the way you do.
                    Me: 	You really are the whole package... Smart and beautiful.
                    Narr:	To that, Eve doesn't say a word.
                    Narr:	You can tell that this is new to her — an insecurity you weren't aware she had.
                    Me: 	Don't worry, we can take it as slow or as fast as you want.
                    Me: 	I'm up for anything, generally.
                    Narr:	Silence. On both sides.
                    Eve:	(You got this far, Eve.)
                    Eve:	(Are you really going to give up now?)
                    Narr:	A hand presses against your chest, and you can feel uncertainty radiating off of the woman in front of you.
                    Me: 	(I'm not going to push her into anything, it will only scare her off.)
                    Narr:	Suddenly, that same hand that was gently pressed against your chest, holding onto you like an anchor, pushes you away.
                    Narr:	The action causes you to stumble, and Eve is already on her feet, closing the distance between you.
                    Narr:	Her hands find their way to your belt, the buckle clinking as she hastily begins to take it off.
                    Eve:	Do you know how long I've wanted this, Dennis?
                    Narr:	You have half a mind to help her, but you are quick to stop yourself. The hungry look she has in her eyes tells you that she has it handled.
                    Eve:	The way your cock teased me when you first arrived here, like it was begging me to hold it... to suck it...
                    Narr:	She slides your jeans down, until they are hanging around your ankles. Her long, red nails travel along your legs, and it sends shivers down your spine.
                    Me: 	I wasn't sure back then, but— Now that you mention it, I could tell.
                    Eve:	Mmm...
                    Narr:	Your cock is already bursting to get out of the prison that is your underwear, it's full might and size contained by the thin line of fabric.
                    Eve:	(It's even bigger than I thought.)
                    Eve:	Tell me, Dennis, have you ever fantasized about me?
                    Narr:	Eve runs her index along your clothed erection, eliciting a light groan from you before you answer.
                    Me: 	All the time, Eve.
                    Me: 	Even before I came back this summer... I always thought of this happening.
                    Narr:	Finally, Eve slides your underwear off, and your cock springs free; Eve's eyes widen in shock.
                    Eve:	Wow...
                    Eve:	You really are a... fine specimen.
                    Eve:	(I've never had anyone this big before.)
                    Narr:	When Eve wraps her plump lips around the poking head of your cock, a wave of pleasure washes over you.
                    Narr:	The type of pleasure that can only be achieved when dreams become reality.
                    Narr:	She sucks on your tip lightly, all while jerking off your cock with her free hand.
                    Me: 	Hnnngh– Just like that.
                    Eve:	We're just getting started.
                    Narr:	You say that as your fingers intertwine at the back of your head and you relax, enjoying the ride, allowing Eve to take hold of the steering wheel.
                    Narr:	Eve drags her tongue along the whole of your length, curling it up when she reaches your tip.
                    Narr:	Both of her hands wrap around it as she now puts the head of your cock into her mouth.
                    Me: 	Mmm, that's right.
                    Me: 	You're very good at this, doctor.
                    Eve:	Mmmmmm.
                    Eve:	You are exceptionally delicious. *suck*
                    Eve:	I could just eat you up. *suck*
                    Narr:	She says in between sucking, your member releasing an audible pop everytime she takes it out of her mouth to speak.
                    Narr:	Eve looks up at you from below as she finally, excruciatingly slowly, takes the whole of your length into her mouth.
                    Eve:	*suck* *suck*
                    Narr:	You can tell that she struggles to deepthroat it, but Eve is anything but a quitter. Her nails dig into your behind to push you further into her.
                    Me: 	That's right, take it all— Hnngh!
                    Narr:	Your words only incite her to quicken the pace.
                    Narr:	Your hips thrust forward to bury your dick even more vigorously into the soft confines of Eve's mouth.
                    Narr:	It seems that mouth has a talent for more than just psychoanalyzing.
                        Me: 	Arrgh, I'm so close...
                        Me: 	If you don't slow down, you will get a mouthful.
                        Narr:	Despite giving her the courtesy of a warning, she doesn't take it as such — only making her sucking that more insistent, her pressure increasing.
                        Me: 	Fuuuuuck, Eve!
                        Narr:	You are unable to take it anymore, and your hands tangle into her hair as you push her mouth all the way to the hilt of your dick.
                        Narr:	You unload with an unmatched intensity in her mouth.
                        Eve:	Mmm..
                        Narr:	She hums pleasurably as she begins to swallow what you shoot down her throat, load after load.
                        Narr:	Only the slightest bit of residue spills from the corners of her mouth.
                        Narr:	She drags her mouth along your length until it pops out of her mouth, a single digit wiping at the corners to clean herself.
                        Eve:	Now that's what I call a meal.
                        Me: 	Eve... That was amazing.
                        Narr:	The aftershock of your orgasm is still washing over you.
                        Me: 	Arrgh, I'm so close...
                        Narr:	Eve's insistent sucking helps you reach your peak easily, the experienced woman knows exactly how to bring you over the edge.
                        Narr:	Unable to contain yourself any longer, you pull your dick out of her mouth, and, almost instantly, thick ropes of cum begin shooting out of it.
                        Me: 	Fuuuuck, Eve!
                        Narr:	It coats the entirety of Eve's face, and she closes her eyes and takes it all eagerly — even opening her mouth and sticking her tongue out.
                        voice:	voice/e10EveSexCumContinuation_f784658d.mp3
                        Eve:	Mmm..
                        Narr:	She hums pleasurably as you shower her, her eyes opening only when you are done unloading.
                        Eve:	Aren't you a real snack..
                        Me: 	Eve... That was amazing.
                        Narr:	The aftershock of your orgasm is still washing over you.
                        Me: 	Arrgh, I'm so close...
                        Narr:	Eve's insistent sucking helps you reach your peak easily, the experienced woman knows exactly how to bring you over the edge.
                        Narr:	Unable to contain yourself any longer, you pull your dick out of her mouth, and, almost instantly, thick ropes of cum begin shooting out of it.
                        Me: 	Fuuuuck, Eve!
                        Narr:	It coats Eve's chest, saturating her plump breasts. She closes her eyes and takes it all eagerly, the sticky cum dripping into her cleavage.
                        voice:	voice/e10EveSexCumContinuation_f784658d.mp3
                        Eve:	Mmm...
                        Narr:	She hums pleasurably as you shower her, her finger reaching to scoop a little bit of your cum off her chest to then lick it off.
                        Narr:	She does all that while maintaining eye contact.
                        Eve:	Aren't you a real snack...
                        Me: 	Eve... That was amazing.
                        Narr:	The aftershock of your orgasm is still washing over you.
                    Eve:	(I can't believe he allowed me to take control like this.)
                    Eve:	(He will be a fun ride.)
                    Eve:	(If I'm dripping just from this, I don't even want to think what I'll be like when that thing is finally inside me.)
                    Narr:	Eve helps you pull your pants back up, but she leaves the buckling of the belt to you.
                    Eve:	And? Did you like your reward?
                    Me: 	What do you think?
                    Narr:	You chuckle, but are unable to stop yourself from being cocky.
                    Me: 	But I think all of my effort deserves more.
                    Eve:	More?
                    Me: 	Yes, more.
                    Narr:	You look at her with dark eyes, lust overtaking you.
                    Eve:	Well, aren't you a naughty boy.
                    Eve:	Alas, you and I both have duties to attend to.
                    Eve:	I will test exactly how much you can handle later.
                    Eve:	But consider this particular test as a pass with flying colors.
                    Me: 	Oh, I wasn't aware I was being tested.
                    Eve:	If you behave, you will receive even bigger rewards.
                    Me: 	Oh, really?
                    Eve:	Really.
                    Narr:	You can see by the look in her eyes that she is serious, and this aura of hers is something you do not mind at all.
                    Me: 	Perhaps, I will come and find you after I am done with my duties, then.
                    Eve:	I hope you will, otherwise, you will get in trouble.
                    Me: 	Heh, we'll see about that.
                    Narr:	The back of your hand boldly reaches to stroke Eve's cheek and the two of you linger for a moment longer, gazing at each other.
                    Narr:	Finally, you take a step back and begin walking to the door.
                    Me: 	Thank you for your time, doctor.
                    Eve:	See you for our next session.
                    Me: 	(No, I couldn't. Come on, Kiara would end me if I tried to pull this again.)
                    Me: 	(However much I dislike dishes, I like being alive, so stack, stack, stack...)
                    Narr:	You zone out on the rhythmic and repetitive work. It's very meditative, so time flies right past you.
                Narr:	You walk into the kitchen and spot Kiara stacking dishes.
                Narr:	You pause at the entrance, just watching her work for a moment, before she speaks.
                Kiara:	Are you gonna just stand there and creep, or are you gonna help me?
                Me: 	Sorry, I was just checking what you were up to.
                Kiara:	Well, start stacking, I don't want to spend all of my last day sorting these.
                Me: 	Um, sure. I'm on it.
                Me: 	(Man, why did I have to enter the kitchen? This sucks.)
                Me: 	So, how are you feeling? About your last day so far?
                Kiara:	...
                Kiara:	Interesting that you're the one asking me that.
                Me: 	Why?
                Kiara:	Because you made me want to leave early not even an hour ago.
                Me: 	Oh. Do you mean Emily and I?
                Kiara:	And then, you both left me to stack the dishes all by myself?! Thanks for that, by the way!
                Me: 	I'm here now, I'm helping!
                Narr:	She says nothing and continues stacking. She isn't even looking at you.
                Me: 	No, you're right, it wasn't fair.
                Me: 	I don't know why Emily didn't come and help you, it must have slipped her mind. As for me, I was doing sessions with the girls.
                Me: 	You could have just asked her to help you, you know?
                Kiara:	I didn't want to talk to her at that moment, to be perfectly honest.
                Kiara:	But was that session with Emily before lunch any good?
                Me: 	Session with...? Oh, no. Kiara, it really wasn't what it looked like.
                Kiara:	Wasn't it?
                Me: 	No, it wasn't, I–
                Narr:	Alas, she cuts you off before you can explain yourself.
                Kiara:	Look, at the end of the day, it doesn't matter. It was none of my business.
                Me: 	Nothing happened between us, I swear.
                Kiara:	I actually believe you, kind of. But even if something did happen, I shouldn't be bothered.
                Kiara:	I shouldn't care this much.
                Kiara:	I am halfway out the door anyway; I am leaving this place for good and who knows if we'll even see each other again.
                Kiara:	I shouldn't care at all, and yet I still flew into a frenzy.
                Me: 	...
                Me: 	That isn't really something we can control. It's human to act irrational in weird situations like that.
                Kiara:	I know, it's just hard seeing you act like I'm already gone.
                Narr:	She goes quiet for a long moment. She seems like she doesn't want to continue talking, but then she speaks again.
                Kiara:	I think I lost it a little when I saw you two leaving the house.
                Me: 	You could put it that way...
                Kiara:	Dennis, can you just... listen to me? Please?
                Narr:	There is something sad, yet melancholic in her voice.. She seems tired, defeated.
                Me: 	I'm sorry, go on.
                Kiara:	No, you shouldn't be the one apologizing. This isn't easy for me to say, so please don't make a whole thing out of it.
                Me: 	I promise I won't. What did you want to tell me?
                Kiara:	Khm, well...
                Narr:	Your hands are stacking the dishes, but your full attention is on Kiara.
                Kiara:	Somewhere, at the back of my mind, a stupid part of me thought you'd want to leave camp with me.
                Me: 	Oh, Kiara, I– That is—
                Kiara:	No, Dennis, you don't have to say anything. I know already. I know it's impossible.
                Kiara:	Especially now, with Eve starting to mentor you and everything.
                Kiara:	You have a really great career opportunity here and a degree you're pursuing back at uni.
                Kiara:	You actually have a future at Red Falls.
                Kiara:	And me? Well...
                Kiara:	I think I want to stack dishes in a different kitchen for a little bit.
                Narr:	Without a word you hug her and hold her.
                Me: 	For what it's worth, I'm really gonna miss you, Kiara.
                Me: 	And I think you'll do great, by the way.
                Narr:	She breaks the hug to look at you.
                Kiara:	At what?
                Me: 	At your new job? Starting a new chapter in life? I think you'll do great.
                Kiara:	I mean, it is just a barista gig, but thank you, I really appreciate that.
                Narr:	She goes to pick up another plate, but you stop her.
                Me: 	Do you want to go maybe hang out with the girls? It really isn't right that you're cleaning all day long today.
                Kiara:	You want to take care of the dishes? You know there are more still at the gazebo, right?
                Me: 	Okay, then let me take care of this batch, at least.
                Me: 	I have some... khm, business with Eve either way. I'm waiting for her to finish up at the office right now.
                Kiara:	That's so sweet of you. I guess I'll go see what the girls are up to.
                Kiara:	I'll take a little break, bring back the rest of the dishes.
                Me: 	Sounds good. At least I'll help you with this part.
                Kiara:	Alright, don't forget to take out the trash when you're done, okay?
                Me: 	I got it, don't worry.
                Narr:	And with that, she leaves, and you are left with a mix of both relief and melancholy.
                Me: 	(I wonder if this really is the last day we'll spend together...)
                Narr:	It doesn't take you as long as you thought it would to finish the dishes, and soon enough, you are putting away the last plate.
                Me: 	(Man, does a job well done feel good.)
                Me: 	(Also, I think I like what is next on my to-do list...)
                Narr:	Was that pun intended?
                Narr:	Either way, you practically skip with joy all the way to Eve's office.
                Narr:	You walk into the kitchen and spot Kiara by the counter, stacking dishes.
                Narr:	You pause at the entrance, just watching her work for a moment, then you speak up.
                Me: 	Hey, do you need some help?
                Kiara:	Ha. That's rich.
                Narr:	She slams the dish she was holding against the counter just a little too hard, but it doesn't break.
                Kiara:	You have nothing to help me with. I got it.
                Me: 	Well, that's great...?
                Kiara:	Oh, yes. It's just so great.
                Narr:	You can feel the poison seeping through her tone.
                Me: 	Where's Em? Why isn't she helping you?
                Kiara:	I have no idea where she is, and I am not about to run around camp trying to find her either.
                Narr:	You don't know what to even say to this.
                Me: 	(Is she trying to play the victim here? Is she mad about me and Emily?)
                Me: 	So, what now? You're just gonna stack everything by yourself?
                Kiara:	Yes. Yes, I am. But don't forget, I washed them all first, and after I'm done stacking them, I'll take out the trash as well.
                Me: 	Good... work, I guess?
                Narr:	She turns to you sharply and gets into your face, threateningly close.
                Kiara:	I can't tell you how much I am not going to miss this place. I really can't put it into words.
                Narr:	You try to think of something to say that might calm her down.
                Me: 	Kiara, let me help you out, come on...
                Kiara:	Dennis, I need to be alone right now. I need some time to think.
                Me: 	Hey, we can talk this out, give me a chance.
                Kiara:	I really don't want to talk about it right now. See you at the eclipse party.
                Narr:	With that, she storms out.
                Me: 	(She could've taken the trash with her. She said she'd do it, and she was going that way anyways?)
                Me: 	*Sigh* (Why does this always happen to me?)
                Narr:	You think to yourself while carrying the trash bag out.
                Me: 	(Hm, Eve could be done with her work by now... I should go and check in with her.)
        Me: 	(No, but I said I'll find Emily right after the session.)
        Narr:	You look back at the door of Eve's office, pondering what's just happened.
        Me: 	(Eve's busy right now anyways, I'll go find Emily now and catch Eve some time later.)
        Narr:	There you go, Casanova. Go get her!
        Me: 	(I don't believe she's inside the house, so I'll check if she's somewhere outside.)
        Me: 	(I thought she was gonna wait for me... But I guess her attention span is on the shorter side?)
        Me: 	(Look, there's Kiara. She's alone, no sign of Emily.)
        Me: 	(What is she doing there?)
        Narr:	It looks like she's gathering dishes. She doesn't look too happy.
        Me: 	(I could go help her real quick? And check if she's alright while I'm at it?)
        Me: 	(But she probably doesn't want to talk to me because of what happened this afternoon...)
        Me: 	(I should maybe just move on and see if Emily is at the campground?)
            Me: 	(I should maybe just move on and see if Emily is at the campground?)
                Narr:	You walk toward the gazebo, waving at Kiara as you approach.
                Narr:	She looks done with the interaction before you even get a chance to speak.
                Kiara:	What do you want now?
                Me: 	Hey, Kiara, can I give you a hand there?
                Narr:	Your friendly demeanor catches her off guard.
                Kiara:	Oh... I mean... Sure, I could use some help.
                Kiara:	I could have used the help half an hour ago, too, but better late than never.
                Narr:	You start stacking plates on the trays and preparing them for transport to the kitchen.
                Me: 	I couldn't have helped you, I had sessions scheduled with the girls. Didn't you hear Eve announce it after lunch?
                Kiara:	I did, I was just hoping I wasn't gonna be left alone to clean up all this shit.
                Me: 	Wait, I thought Emily was gonna help you?
                Kiara:	Me, too. And yet, here I am, alone.
                Kiara:	She's probably skipping stones or whatever other thing she finds more interesting, rather than doing actual work.
                Me: 	Kiara, don't be so harsh on her, she probably just got distracted.
                Me: 	I was actually just about to look for her. I thought she might be with you, but I guess not.
                Kiara:	I haven't seen her anywhere, either.
                Me: 	That's weird. It must have slipped her mind that she could give you a hand with this.
                Kiara:	Well, I am not in the mood to chase her around camp just to make her show up and do her job.
                Me: 	I get that, I just think you could have asked for help instead of doing everything by yourself and then being angry about it.
                Kiara:	...
                Narr:	Kiara exhales harshly, like she's trying to calm her nerves before responding.
                Kiara:	To be honest, I didn't feel like spending time with Emily. I really wanted to be alone.
                Me: 	Oh. Okay, that makes sense.
                Me: 	Is this about earlier today?
                Kiara:	We do not need to talk about that!
                Me: 	I feel like we should. I can tell it's bothering you.
                Kiara:	It was none of my business, and, frankly, I don't care what you do in your free time.
                Narr:	But her tone doesn't match her words. She sounds very much upset.
                Me: 	No, listen, I understand your reaction, but I wanted to tell you that nothing happened back there.
                Kiara:	Dennis, I shouldn't be bothered by stuff like that. I thought I was over petty jealousy.
                Kiara:	Grown people shouldn't get this upset over something so minor.
                Me: 	Okay, so you admit you were upset, that's a good start.
                Kiara:	Come on, don't talk down to me. I know I made a scene.
                Kiara:	And, for what it's worth, I'm sorry I did.
                Me: 	It's okay, but I feel like both you and Em went overboard with the shouting match.
                Narr:	Kiara sighs deeply.
                Kiara:	Yes, I tease her so much about acting childish, and then I go and start the pettiest fight imaginable.
                Kiara:	And it doesn't matter what happened between you at the house, if anything did. I feel like it's better we just pretend nothing did.
                Kiara:	Is that okay with you?
                Me: 	For sure, but I wanted to tell you...
                Kiara:	Look how the time flies! We better take at least a part of this to the kitchen, come on.
                Narr:	The sharp turn of subject almost gives you whiplash.
                Narr:	You want to tell her that nothing happened to ease her mind, but you decide it is best to let it go, for now.
                Narr:	She wants to drop the subject, so you let her.
                    Kiara:	You grab that tray, I'll take this one. Be careful not to drop the plates, I don't feel like cleaning up even more.
                    Me: 	Don't worry, I got it.
                    Kiara:	You grab that tray, I'll take this one. Be careful not to drop it. Eve will have to buy a new set of plates if you butterfinger this one.
                    Me: 	That was once, come on!
                Narr:	And so you start walking toward the house, but the plates are stacked high, and they're treacherously leaning left and right, threatening to topple over.
                Narr:	Knowingly, you walk slowly and carefully, right behind Kiara.
                Narr:	She picks up her walking pace, you try to follow suit...
                    Narr:	You catch them with your free hand.
                    Me: 	Oof, that was close.
                    Kiara:	What was?
                    Me: 	These plates are slippery from food, we should have stacked them lower.
                    Kiara:	Eh, maybe, at least we'll walk back and forth less, I don't feel like doing this all day.
                    Me: 	Fair enough, but can you slow down? At least a little?
                    Kiara:	Nope, catch me in the kitchen if you can't keep up.
                    Narr:	And she marches on in front of you, like gravity doesn't apply to her, while you decide to keep a more steady pace.
                    Narr:	You shout after her.
                    Me: 	Hey, Kiara! I will laugh my ass off if you drop those, you know that?
                    Narr:	She either doesn't hear you or ignores you.
                    Narr:	But both trays of plates make it to the house intact.
                    Narr:	They fly off the tray, straight onto the grass by the path.
                    Narr:	Kiara's head snaps back so fast that, for a moment, you are concerned something might be wrong with her neck.
                    Kiara:	What the fuck, Dennis?!
                    Narr:	Plates lay in the grass, dirty, but whole.
                    Me: 	What? You think you can stack dirty, slippery plates THIS high and have them not fly all over?
                    Kiara:	I didn't feel like taking more trips from the gazebo to the kitchen. Walk slower if you can't keep up.
                    Narr:	And she marches on toward the house in front of you, like gravity doesn't apply to her or something.
                    Narr:	You shout after her.
                    Me: 	Kiara, I will laugh my ass off if you drop those, you know that?
                    Narr:	She either doesn't hear you or ignores you.
                    Narr:	But by a miracle, both trays of plates make it to the house intact.
                Me: 	(She has to be here somewhere...)
                Me: 	(I bet she's hanging out with the girls in the cabins.)
                Me: 	(This year must be so fun for her, having patients that want to make friends and hang out?)
                Me: 	(I feel like she was missing just that in the past years.)
                Me: 	(She's such a social butterfly, and those delinquents weren't the best company.)
                Me: 	(Damn, where is everybody?)
                Narr:	You walk over toward the cabins, but still no sign of life.
                Me: 	(I feel like I just entered some twilight zone with just me in it.)
                Narr:	Your hand instinctively reaches for your phone and unlocks it.
                Narr:	You absentmindedly open the messaging app and spot a name on your screen. One that hasn't popped into your head in a long time.
                Me: 	(Jane.)
                Me: 	(Of all the people in the world, why am I thinking about her now?)
                Me: 	(I mean, our break up really was for the best. It wouldn't have worked out between us...)
                Me: 	(But I can't help wondering what she's up to right now. Has she moved on already?)
                Me: 	(Did I break her heart? Or does she not even think about me anymore?)
                Me: 	...
                Narr:	You stare at the name on your screen and the green call button.
                Me: 	(It would be so easy to find out, though. It wouldn't even be that weird to just... check up on her? See how she's doing?)
                Me: 	(No, no, that's crazy, why would she want to talk to me? I'm her ex.)
                Me: 	(On the other hand, it would be just a friendly phone call... It's a nice thing to do, seeing if a person is alive and well.)
                    Me: 	(On the other hand, it would be just a friendly phone call... It's a nice thing to do, seeing if a person is alive and well.)
                        Me: 	You know what, fuck it.
                        Narr:	You tap your thumb against the contact, pulling up the call screen.
                        Narr:	It starts ringing.
                        Narr:	Once... Twice...
                        Me: 	(She might not even answer. I mean, that would be understandable...)
                        Jane:	Hello?
                        Me: 	(Shit, shit, what do I say?)
                        Narr:	You really haven't thought this through, have you?
                        Jane:	...Heellooo?
                        Narr:	This is getting awkward. Say something already!
                        Me: 	Yes, uhm... Hi... Jane? It's me, Dennis!
                        Jane:	I know, I have your number saved.
                        Me: 	Yes, of course...
                        Jane:	Is everything alright?
                        Narr:	For what it's worth, it's really nice to hear her voice.
                        Me: 	Yeah, everything is fine.
                        Me: 	I just wanted to call and ask how you were doing?
                        Jane:	Well, I'm helping my dad in the garage right now...
                        Me: 	That's nice. So, you're keeping busy?
                        Jane:	Dennis, why did you call me?
                        Narr:	Her tone cuts you off, sharp as a knife.
                        Me: 	Look, I honestly just wanted to check if you're doing alright, after everything...
                        Jane:	Do you really think a phone call from you is going to make this easier on me?
                        Narr:	This catches you off guard a little and you feel a pang of guilt.
                        Narr:	You expected her to understand that it was a kind gesture, but the context made it into something that it wasn't supposed to be.
                        Me: 	You're right, I didn't think...
                        Me: 	It didn't occur to me that me calling you would make you feel worse.
                        Narr:	You hear birds chirping and faint noises of nature on the other end of the line, but Jane is silent.
                        Me: 	I did miss hearing your voice, Jane.
                        Jane:	I missed hearing yours too...
                        Jane:	But I don't think this is helping either of us.
                        Jane:	At the end of the day, we made a mature decision and it was a final one.
                        Narr:	You don't know what to say to that. It feels like the silence between you lasts forever, but you have no idea how to break it.
                        Narr:	The line cuts off before you can respond, and you lower the phone from your ear in defeat.
                        Me: 	(Wait, why did it sound like she was outside?)
                        Me: 	(Nevermind that, I feel like such an asshole.)
                        Me: 	(We broke up for a reason and the decision was mutual.)
                        Me: 	(I just don't understand why she's still crossing my mind...)
                        Narr:	You remain standing there, phone in hand as you contemplate your decision.
                        Me: 	(Surely there's a reason why I got this sudden urge to call her...)
                        Me: 	(No, no... Self-control.)
                        Me: 	(I made a decision, and I will stick to it.)
                        Me: 	(Besides, I would probably ruin her day by calling, no matter how civil our breakup was.)
                        Me: 	(No one wants to receive a random phone call from their ex.)
                Narr:	You focus on the campground once more.
                Me: 	(Honestly, this place isn't even that bad.)
                Me: 	(Especially with this year's patients. Girls are so much cleaner and easier to deal with.)
                Me: 	(Here I was, thinking this summer was gonna be a disaster, but now I'm actually conducting therapy?)
                Narr:	The benches by the fireplace are still empty, but you decide to take a peek into the cabins.
                Narr:	There might be someone in there.
                Narr:	You walk past the first cabin and spot Naomi at her desk. She seems busy with something.
                Me: 	(Oh, thank god! I'm not the last man on Earth.)
                Me: 	(So, Emily isn't with Naomi. She might be in the second cabin...)
                Me: 	(I could still check in with Naomi, see what she's up to?)
                Me: 	(Or I can check if Emily's with Stacy and Belle in the second cabin?)
                    Me: 	(Or I can check if Emily's with Stacy and Belle in the second cabin?)
                        Narr:	You enter the cabin. You see Naomi writing in her notebook.
                        Me: 	Hi, what are you up to?
                        Naomi:	Writing down some ideas for short stories for my future bestseller.
                        Me: 	You're very confident about the success of the book you are yet to write...
                        Naomi:	Well, I know it's gonna be good.
                        Naomi:	Plus, I can always ask my daddy to pull a few strings.
                        Me: 	Hey, isn't that cheating?
                        Naomi:	How would it be?
                        Me: 	Well, people usually fight tooth and nail to get their books looked at by anyone...
                        Naomi:	Dennis, if my book isn't good, no amount of attention can make it good.
                        Naomi:	This would just make it not be an undiscovered gem.
                        Me: 	(God, rich kids really live in a different reality, huh?)
                        Me: 	No, no, that makes perfect sense.
                        Me: 	So... did some new inspiration strike you? You're writing up a storm here.
                        Naomi:	Actually, yes! You know how I was writing a lot of campfire-style stories?
                        Me: 	How could I forget? That Hector one gave me major creeps.
                        Me: 	Good job on that, by the way. Must be a mark of good horror if it haunts you after it's done, right?
                        Naomi:	Thank you very much. That's very high praise, Dennis.
                        Naomi:	But that's not my original story.
                        Naomi:	Be that as it may, I think I have a new idea.
                        Naomi:	It's a bit different from my short horror stories, but my brain is absolutely buzzing with inspiration right now.
                        Naomi:	Am I boring you with this?
                        Me: 	Absolutely not, I'm all ears!
                        Me: 	(God, she's really geeking out over writing, I like this side of her.)
                        Naomi:	Great. How familiar are you with superhero comics?
                            Naomi:	Great. How familiar are you with superhero comics?
                                Me: 	Oh, I have a whole collection at home, I love them!
                                Naomi:	Oh my god, me too.
                                Me: 	Really? No way!
                                Naomi:	Yes way! I used to be really into them as a kid.
                                Me: 	You didn't strike me as a comic nerd, to be honest.
                                Naomi:	To be fair, I haven't picked one up in like ten years now, my interest dwindled.
                                Me: 	I honestly like the movies better, but I'm familiar. Why?
                                Naomi:	Well, I loooved those comics as a kid.
                                Me: 	 ... You did?
                                Me: 	Hmm, I never took you for a comic book fan.
                                Naomi:	Well, used to be, anyways, lost interest as a teen.
                        Naomi:	Buuut.. And follow me on this...
                        Naomi:	Short stories about a city full of superheroes!
                        Me: 	Like a book of short stories?
                        Naomi:	Yes! There could be the usual crime fighting, good vs evil type of thing...
                        Naomi:	But also, romance! Drama! Intrigue! Khm, even a bit of dirty stuff to keep things spicy.
                        Me: 	Hm, it isn't the worst idea...
                        Me: 	But isn't the visual aspect of comics a big part of why people read them?
                        Me: 	Is it really gonna translate well into a text-only book?
                        Narr:	Naomi stares back at you for a moment, her eyes narrowing.
                        Naomi:	Hm, see, you actually make a good point there.
                        Narr:	Her face goes from giddy to what looks like a single minded focus.
                        Me: 	I mean, Naomi, you're an awesome writer. I bet you could pull it off, no sweat.
                        Naomi:	I might...
                        Me: 	Soooo, I better leave you to it then?
                        Naomi:	I'd appreciate it, yes. Thank you, Dennis! I love bouncing ideas off of you, you always have a fresh perspective.
                        Me: 	It's my pleasure, see you at the eclipse party tonight!
                        Naomi:	See you there!
                        Me: 	(Should I go to the gazebo and maybe help Kiara? It did look like she could use a hand.)
                        Me: 	(Emily could also have arrived in the meantime? Or Kiara halted her.)
                        Me: 	(There's still cabin 2 that I could check? Maybe Emily's snooping around there.)
                        Narr:	You exit the cabin and leave her to it. Your search for Emily continues.
                            Narr:	With that, you exit the cabin and leave her to it. Your search for Emily continues.
                        Narr:	As you're walking toward the cabin, at first glance it seems empty...
                        Narr:	But as you open the door, you spot Stacy on the floor.
                        Me: 	(Is she... drawing?)
                        Narr:	She is surrounded by papers, some crumpled up, and the rest full of weird symbols or scratched out entirely.
                        Me: 	Hey, Stacy, what are you doing over there?
                        Stacy:	...
                        Me: 	Stacy?
                        Me: 	(Is she ignoring me or not hearing me?)
                        Me: 	Hello, Earth to Stacy?! Is anyone home?
                        Stacy:	Oh, Dennis! It's you!
                        Stacy:	When did you come in here?
                        Me: 	Just a second ago. What are you doing?
                        Stacy:	What does it look like I'm doing, you've interrupted me!
                        Me: 	You seem scared, and I worry about you.
                        Me: 	Stacy, are you okay?
                        Narr:	She stops drawing, but isn't looking up at you.
                        Me: 	Do you want to talk about it?
                        Stacy:	Well... maybe. I don't even know how.
                        Me: 	Okay, an easier question. What's with the drawings?
                        Stacy:	Oh, I'm trying not to forget what I saw in my dreams.
                        Me: 	Why?
                        Stacy:	I know you think these dreams mean nothing, but I'm worried they might be trying to warn me.
                        Me: 	Warn you about what?
                        Stacy:	I have absolutely no idea.
                        Me: 	Why didn't you just write it down?
                        Stacy:	I'm not much of a writer, I'm more of a visual type.
                        Me: 	I mean, okay, that makes sense, I guess.
                        Stacy:	How are you this casual about the nightmares, Dennis?
                        Stacy:	Doesn't it bother you that we're both having the exact same dreams?
                        Stacy:	Also about the same weird stuff happening?!
                        Me: 	Well, a little, but I'm not worried that much.
                        Me: 	It's not uncommon for people who spend a lot of time together to have similar dreams.
                        Stacy:	I mean, I guess I could be worried for nothing?
                        Me: 	I understand why you're freaked out, but I don't think you should be obsessing over it.
                        Stacy:	You might have a bit of a point there.
                        Stacy:	I think I have been stressing myself out.
                        Me: 	I can see that, yes.
                        Me: 	(Do I even have time for this? I was looking for Emily, but Stacy is such a mess right now...)
                            Me: 	(Do I even have time for this? I was looking for Emily, but Stacy is such a mess right now...)
                                Me: 	I promise, you have nothing to worry about.
                                Me: 	You're safe here.
                                Narr:	Stacy takes a deep breath and rests her head on your shoulder.
                                Stacy:	But what do you think? What does it all mean?
                                Me: 	What does what mean?
                                Stacy:	The dreams. What do you think they mean?
                                Me: 	That the water here might be of questionable quality?
                                Stacy:	Oh, come on, don't chicken out on me now. If we're having matching dreams, that's supernatural territory, through and through!
                                Me: 	I'm not an expert on the supernatural, I feel like that's your speciality.
                                Stacy:	For sure, but I do wanna hear what someone with a fresh mind thinks about it.
                                Narr:	She cuddles up to you, resting her head on your shoulder, looking up at you with those beautiful green eyes.
                                Narr:	It seems she finds you comforting.
                                Stacy:	I am bound to interpret it, one way or the other, because of all the knowledge I've gathered.
                                Stacy:	Your mind is unburdened by it, so I want to know what your instincts are telling you.
                                Me: 	What a beautiful way of calling me uneducated.
                                Stacy:	I didn't mean to call you that, but you can't say you aren't, at least on this subject.
                                Me: 	Okay, that's fair. Let me think.
                                Stacy:	Don't think too hard about it. Tell me what your gut is telling you.
                                Narr:	You feel the closeness of her body against yours, so your gut is a little preoccupied, but you think you know what she's getting at.
                                Me: 	Well, my first thought after waking up was to check if you were okay.
                                Narr:	She is acting casual, but her cheeks go red upon hearing your words.
                                Stacy:	It was?
                                Me: 	Of course. In the dream, I watched you wander aimlessly toward the woods, and I was calling after you, but you couldn't hear me.
                                Me: 	I was so worried for you!
                                Stacy:	Maybe you were sent there to keep me safe.
                                Me: 	Maybe?
                                Stacy:	I know you are here now to keep me safe.
                                Me: 	Am I?
                                Stacy:	Why else would you come and check on me?
                                Me: 	You got me there. I really wanted to see how you were doing.
                                Me: 	Therapy was really intense on you today, so I wanted to make sure you were alright.
                                Stacy:	Well. I'm okay now that you're here.
                                Narr:	Her lips are now so close to yours, you can feel their heat like a burning ember.
                                Narr:	And you lean into them, kissing her softly.
                                Narr:	Your kisses grow heavier, your touches more passionate.
                                Narr:	You embrace her closer. You can feel her hands tracing over your chest lower and lower, only to stop at your waist.
                                Narr:	Now there's a way to relieve anxiety.
                                Stacy:	I am so glad you are here.
                                Me: 	I am, too.
                                Narr:	You pick her up by the legs and pin her against the closet behind you.
                                Stacy:	Mmm, I like where you're going with this.
                                Narr:	You can feel her legs tighten around your waist, wanting you, needing you.
                                Narr:	She starts grinding against your cock, which is straining behind your zipper, very excited about the situation at hand.
                                Narr:	Your breath picks up, you almost get lost in the passion...
                                Narr:	But in that very second, you spot something out of the corner of your eye.
                                Narr:	Out the cabin window, you can see Emily and Belle walking into the campground, talking.
                                Narr:	They sit down on a bench right outside the cabin.
                                Narr:	They are engaged in a lively discussion, completely unaware of you and Stacy.
                                Me: 	(Of course I find Emily at this convenient moment. Why would she be anywhere else right now?!)
                                Narr:	You can still feel Stacy's heart going a hundred miles per minute against your ribs.
                                Stacy:	Dennis, is everything alright?
                                    Stacy:	Dennis, is everything alright?
                                        Me: 	Oh, I just spotted Belle and Emily right there on the bench.
                                        Stacy:	Are they talking?
                                        Me: 	Seems so?
                                        Stacy:	Good, means Emily will keep her entertained.
                                        Narr:	Stacy grabs you by the chin, pulls you back into a kiss and continues grinding against you.
                                        Narr:	After a few moments, your head is dizzy, and you stop to catch a breath.
                                        Me: 	Oh my god.
                                        Stacy:	You wanna move this to my bed?
                                            Stacy:	You wanna move this to my bed?
                                                Me: 	Absolutely.
                                                Narr:	In one fell swoop, you throw her against the mattress and start kissing her neck.
                                                Stacy:	Ahhh, Dennis!
                                                Me: 	Shhh, they'll hear us, please be quiet.
                                                Stacy:	*Whispers* Sorry.
                                                Stacy:	I have an idea...
                                                Narr:	Stacy grabs one of your hands and covers her mouth with it. You can feel her smiling underneath it.
                                                Narr:	She swiftly removes your pants, and you take her skirt off to reveal a beautiful sight.
                                                Me: 	Do you ever wear panties?
                                                Narr:	She shakes her head 'no' and mumbles.
                                                Stacy:	Mm-mm.
                                                Me: 	Now, isn't that lovely.
                                                    Narr:	You take the tip of your member and rub it against her pussy lips to the tune of Stacy's barely contained moans.
                                                    Stacy:	Mmm.
                                                    Narr:	You continue teasing her wet pussy.
                                                    Narr:	Her eyes are looking at you with desperation, pleading.
                                                    Me: 	You want me to put it inside?
                                                    Narr:	She nods, eagerly.
                                                    Me: 	*Chuckle* Your wish is my command.
                                                    Narr:	You can feel her biting down on your hand, but you don't mind.
                                                    Narr:	She's trying to contain her pleasure, but it doesn't seem like she can help herself.
                                                    Me: 	I'll move my hand if you can keep your voice down...
                                                    Narr:	Stacy nods her head 'yes', so you grab her hips with both hands and go all in.
                                                    Stacy:	Mmm, mmm
                                                    Narr:	Which she seems to be enjoying very much.
                                                    Stacy:	So good.
                                                    Me: 	You like it harder?
                                                    Stacy:	Yeah! Don't stop!
                                                    Me: 	I... Hm… I wouldn't dare.
                                                        Me: 	I'm close.
                                                        Stacy:	Cum inside me.
                                                        Stacy:	Please, Dennis!
                                                        Me: 	You don't have to tell me twice.
                                                        Narr:	You feel your hot cum filling her up.
                                                        voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedMissionary_68145e86.mp3
                                                        Stacy:	Mmm.
                                                        Narr:	You feel her pussy tightening around your pulsating shaft.
                                                        Stacy:	Aahhhh.
                                                        Stacy:	Oh, my lord.
                                                        Me: 	I'm close.
                                                        Stacy:	Cum for me, Dennis!
                                                        Me: 	You don't have to tell me twice.
                                                        Narr:	You grab her leg and pull it up, allowing you to go even deeper.
                                                        Stacy:	Aahh, aahh! Give it to me.
                                                        Narr:	You pull out your shaft just as the first load comes out.
                                                        Narr:	You can't help admiring that perfect ass in the air, covered in your jizz.
                                                        Stacy:	Oh, my lord.
                                                    Me: 	I have an idea. Turn around for me, please.
                                                    Stacy:	Of course.
                                                    Narr:	You take the tip of your member and rub it against her pussy lips to the tune of Stacy's barely contained moans.
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedMissionary_68145e86.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	Mmm.
                                                    Stacy:	Put it inside me already!
                                                    Narr:	You continue teasing her wet pussy.
                                                    Me: 	Only if you ask nicely.
                                                    Stacy:	Please?
                                                    Me: 	Please, what?
                                                    Stacy:	Please, fuck me!
                                                    Me: 	This better?
                                                    Stacy:	Ahhh, oh yeah.
                                                    Stacy:	Don't stop!
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedMissionary_99ed0289.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	Mmm, mmm.
                                                    Narr:	She's trying to contain her pleasure, but it doesn't seem like she can help herself.
                                                    Stacy:	Ahh, ahhh, ahh!
                                                    Stacy:	So good!
                                                        Me: 	I'm close.
                                                        voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedMissionaryCumContinuation_c3c8b269.mp3
                                                        Stacy:	Cum inside me.
                                                        Stacy:	Please, Dennis!
                                                        Me: 	You don't have to tell me twice.
                                                        Narr:	You feel your hot cum filling her up.
                                                        voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedMissionary_68145e86.mp3
                                                        Stacy:	Mmm.
                                                        Narr:	You feel her pussy tightening around your pulsating shaft.
                                                        voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedMissionaryCumContinuation_4acf866e.mp3
                                                        Stacy:	Aahhhh.
                                                        Stacy:	Oh, my lord.
                                                        Me: 	I'm close.
                                                        voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedMissionaryCumContinuation_75f22792.mp3
                                                        Stacy:	Cum for me, Dennis!
                                                        Me: 	You don't have to tell me twice.
                                                        Narr:	You ram into her with reckless abandon.
                                                        voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedMissionaryCumContinuation_9ccc6ab3.mp3
                                                        Stacy:	Aahh, aahh! Give it to me.
                                                        Narr:	You pull out your shaft just as the first load comes out.
                                                        Narr:	You can't help admiring that perfect ass in the air, covered in your jizz.
                                                Me: 	Absolutely not.
                                                Narr:	You grab at her thighs and slam her harder against the closet.
                                                Narr:	A muted moan leaves her mouth.
                                                Me: 	Shhh, we're gonna have to keep quiet, okay?
                                                Stacy:	You got a deal.
                                                Narr:	In one smooth motion she slides to her feet again and removes your pants.
                                                Narr:	She slides out of her dress..
                                                Narr:	Where you expect to find the panty line, you only find smooth bare skin.
                                                Me: 	Do you ever wear panties?
                                                Stacy:	*Chuckles* Nope!
                                                Me: 	Now, isn't that lovely?
                                                    Narr:	You take the tip of your member and rub it against her pussy lips to the tune of Stacy's barely contained moans.
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedMissionary_68145e86.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	Mmm
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedDoggyPose_b01e5188.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	Put it inside me already!
                                                    Narr:	You continue teasing her wet pussy.
                                                    Me: 	Only if you ask nicely.
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedDoggyPose_5dded62b.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	Please?
                                                    Me: 	Please, what?
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedDoggyPose_2b82b03d.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	Please, fuck me!
                                                    Stacy:	Ahh, ahh.
                                                    Stacy:	Fuuck.
                                                    Stacy:	Just like that!
                                                    Me: 	Will I have to shut you up myself?
                                                    Stacy:	No, sir!
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedMissionary_99ed0289.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	Mmm, mmm.
                                                    Narr:	She's trying to contain her pleasure, but it doesn't seem like she can help herself.
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedDoggyPose_5ca98d81.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	Ahh, ahhh, ahh!
                                                    Stacy:	So... good!
                                                    Narr:	You grab her hips and turn her around. She slams her hand against the closet, smiling.
                                                    Narr:	You take the tip of your member and rub it against her pussy lips to the tune of Stacy's barely contained moans.
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedMissionary_68145e86.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	Mmm.
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedDoggyPose_b01e5188.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	Put it inside me already!
                                                    Narr:	You continue teasing her wet pussy.
                                                    Me: 	Only if you ask nicely.
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedDoggyPose_5dded62b.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	Please?
                                                    Me: 	Please, what?
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedDoggyPose_2b82b03d.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	Please, fuck me!
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacyRightHereFromTheFrontPose_ee7b7f2d.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	Ahh, ahh.
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacyRightHereFromTheFrontPose_4f3834c7.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	Fuuck.
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacyRightHereFromTheFrontPose_70616e85.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	Just like that!
                                                    Me: 	Will I have to shut you up myself?
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacyRightHereFromTheFrontPose_febdb4f1.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	No, sir!
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedMissionary_99ed0289.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	Mmm, mmm.
                                                    Narr:	She's trying to contain her pleasure, but it doesn't seem like she can help herself.
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedDoggyPose_5ca98d81.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	Ahh, ahhh, ahh!
                                                    voice:	voice/e10StacyRightHereFromTheFrontPose_7d22aa85.mp3
                                                    Stacy:	So... good!
                                                        Me: 	I'm so close.
                                                        voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedMissionaryCumContinuation_75f22792.mp3
                                                        Stacy:	Cum for me, Dennis!
                                                        Me: 	Get on your knees.
                                                        Stacy:	Yes, my Ashen Prince!
                                                        Stacy:	Cum on them!
                                                        Narr:	You shoot load after load, all over her perfect tits.
                                                        Stacy:	Oh, yeah!
                                                        Me: 	I'm so close.
                                                        voice:	voice/e10StacySexAfterBedMissionaryCumContinuation_75f22792.mp3
                                                        Stacy:	Cum for me, Dennis!
                                                            Me: 	Turn around.
                                                            Narr:	She obeys and is met with a hot load all over her belly, just as you reach your peak.
                                                            Narr:	You pull out your shaft just as the first load comes out.
                                                            Narr:	You spray your hot cum all over her belly.
                                                        Stacy:	Mmm, Dennis! All of that for me?
                                                        Me: 	Just for you, babe.
                                                        Stacy:	Mmm, yeah.
                                        Narr:	The two of you put your clothes back on.
                                        Me: 	Sorry, I totally distracted you from your art project.
                                        Stacy:	No, I don't mind. I needed a little distraction, I think.
                                        Narr:	You both chuckle at this.
                                        Me: 	I gotta go now, I have some more camp-running business to attend to.
                                        Stacy:	Of course, I wouldn't wanna take you away from your work.
                                        Me: 	You'll come to the eclipse party, though? Right?
                                        Stacy:	...
                                        Stacy:	I'm a little iffy about it, but I guess it's better if we're all together.
                                        Me: 	Listen, it's gonna be fine, I won't let anything bad happen to you, okay?
                                        Narr:	She shrugs and sits back on the floor.
                                        Stacy:	See you there, then.
                                        Me: 	(Hm, I wonder where Emily and Belle went.)
                                        Me: 	(Shit, I told Emily I was gonna find her, and I totally got distracted.)
                                        Narr:	You look all around and don't see anyone there.
                                        Me: 	(Okay, I saw her here, I think that if I walk back to the house I'll either find her on the way back, or she'll be at the house.)
                                        Me: 	(And, hopefully, there isn't any more work to be done.)
                                        Me: 	Fuck, Belle and Emily are right there.
                                        Stacy:	Really? I don't think they can see us all the way in here, though.
                                        Me: 	They could walk in on us any second; we'd both be in so much trouble.
                                        Stacy:	Damn it.
                                        Me: 	Hey, it's okay, it's just not the time.
                                        Stacy:	Yeah, I can still be pissy about it, though.
                                        Me: 	That's fair.
                                        Stacy:	I think I wanna finish my drawing, anyways. I have a few more things I want to put on paper.
                                        Me: 	Okay, I'll leave you to it then.
                                        Me: 	(Okay, got a little distracted there, but at least I found Emily.)
                                        Me: 	(I should probably join them, see what they are up to.)
                                        Emily:	Hey, Dennis, come over here!
                                        Narr:	As you approach, they both seem to be giggling like they are in on some sort of a joke.
                                        Belle:	Sooo... What exactly were you doing in my cabin?
                                        Me: 	I was checking on Stacy. She doesn't seem to be alright, not at all today.
                                        Belle:	*Giggle* Sure, just checking on her, huh? That's ALL you were doing.
                                        Emily:	God, Belle, stop teasing him!
                                        Belle:	I will never!
                                        Me: 	So, what did I miss here exactly?
                                        Belle:	Did Stacy throw you out because of the weapon you've got stored in your pants right now?
                                        Me: 	God damn it.
                                        Me: 	No, this has nothing to do with anything, I swear.
                                        Belle:	Or are you just really happy to see me?
                                        Emily:	Belle, for real, give the poor guy a break.
                                        Belle:	Fine, you can have your boy-toy, I'll go see what's up with Stacy.
                                        Belle:	And, Dennis?
                                        Belle:	You know she's gonna tell me everything that happened in there, right?
                                        Me: 	Well, good thing nothing happened then.
                                        Belle:	Oh, for suure.
                                        Narr:	And just like that, you two are left alone.
                                        Me: 	So... What exactly were you telling Belle about?
                                        Narr:	All of a sudden, Emily looks very uncomfortable.
                                        Emily:	Please don't be mad at me.
                                        Me: 	What happened? What did you tell her?
                                        Emily:	Look, I don't exactly have friends here that I can talk to... I might have mentioned that we were messing around a little...
                                        Emily:	I didn't tell her any details, I swear, it just came out of me, it wasn't on purpose!
                                        Me: 	Hey, hey, Em, it's okay, pump the brakes.
                                        Me: 	I don't care if you talk to Belle, I just don't want my dirty laundry aired to patients that are supposed to view me as an authority, you know?
                                        Emily:	No, I did nothing of the sort.
                                        Me: 	Then we're all good, I guess.
                                        Narr:	She sighs in relief.
                                        Emily:	I'm so glad you're not mad at me.
                                        Me: 	Nah, I couldn't be mad at you.
                                        Me: 	So, did she say anything about it or...?
                                        Emily:	Who? Belle?
                                        Me: 	Yes.
                                        Emily:	*Giggle* And you said you didn't care, huh?
                                        Me: 	(God damn it.) Yeah, okay, you're right, I'll quit being nosey.
                                        Me: 	Do you wanna head back to the house with me?
                                        Emily:	Sure, let's go.
                                        Me: 	(Belle and Emily discussing stuff in private about me? What could go wrong there, I wonder?)
                                Me: 	I am telling you, you have nothing to worry about. They are just dreams, nothing more.
                                Stacy:	I mean, if you're so sure about it.
                                Stacy:	I think I'll still talk to Dr. Eve about it.
                                Me: 	That might be for the best, you really seem rattled by all of this.
                                Me: 	While I'm still here, have you seen Emily anywhere?
                                Stacy:	Yeah, she and Belle went on a walk, I believe. They had something real important to talk about.
                                Me: 	(Shit, that can't be good, can it?)
                                Me: 	Did you see where they went, by any chance?
                                Stacy:	Toward the lake, I think? I wasn't paying attention.
                                Me: 	Thank you. See you around, Stacy!
                                Stacy:	See you around, Dennis.
                                Me: 	Okay, got a little distracted there, but —
                                Me: 	Belle and Emily? What? When did they get here? Stacy just said—
                                Me: 	You know what? I'm not gonna complain, this probably saved me a ton of time.
                                Me: 	That said, I should probably join them, see what they're up to.
                                Me: 	(I should probably join them, see what they are up to.)
                                Emily:	Hey, Dennis, come over here!
                                Narr:	As you approach them, they both seem to be giggling like they are in on some sort of a joke.
                                Me: 	Hey, you two. What's so funny?
                                Belle:	Oh, nothing, nothing. Don't worry about it.
                                Me: 	Umm, now I am definitely gonna worry about it.
                                Emily:	Nevermind that. How did the talk with Eve go?
                                Me: 	It was really something, I gotta say...
                                Emily:	So? What's she like as a mentor?
                                Belle:	Oh, I'd let her mentor me any day, any time. Oof.
                                Narr:	For your own sanity, you decide to ignore Belle.
                                Me: 	She's really hard on me, but...
                                Belle:	Oh, is she now?
                                Me: 	Belle, I'm begging you.
                                Belle:	Fine, fine. I think I'm gonna go... take a nap or something? But I'll be thinking of Eve, for sure~
                                Emily:	No, you don't have to leave! I thought we were hanging out?
                                Belle:	Yeah, we were. I just thought you two wanted some... time alone.
                                Me: 	(Belle is acting so weird right now. What the hell were they talking about before I came over?)
                                Narr:	You look over at Emily, confused.
                                Me: 	Em, what did you tell her, exactly?!
                                Emily:	Nothing, we were just... talking about some girl stuff, that's all.
                                Belle:	Exactly, nothing you'd be interested in. Trust me.
                                Me: 	You don't say. Well, now I'm really interested actually, mind if I join you?
                                Belle:	Not at all, come here, boy! Sit!
                                Narr:	Despite the condescension, you roll your eyes and oblige. This is bound to be interesting, right?
                                Me: 	So, what's this secret girl stuff you've been talking about?
                                Me: 	I hope nothing regarding me, was it?
                                Narr:	You side eye Emily, but she seems pretty casual, you can't read any guilt on her face.
                                    Me: 	(What if Emily told Belle about our little escapades and then Belle told her about...)
                                    Me: 	(All the very inappropriate stuff that transpired between us?)
                                    Me: 	(I am so screwed, I can feel it.)
                                Belle:	No, no, nothing like that, I was only giving her some fashion and makeup tips.
                                Me: 	(Oh, that's a relief, it really was just girl stuff.)
                                Emily:	*Giggle* Yeah, she was telling me how she does her lips. You really are an expert at it, I gotta say.
                                Belle:	Thank you, Em. It really just takes practice. And a good lipstick also doesn't hurt, of course.
                                Belle:	But to a skilled lip-applier, no stick is a bad stick.
                                Emily:	Haha, noted. I haven't had much chance to hone my skills yet, but I'm planning on getting some more practice done soon.
                                Me: 	(Is it just me, or are they not talking about makeup?)
                                Me: 	(No, no, my mind is just dirty, I gotta stop thinking like this.)
                                Belle:	Good for you, go get it girl!
                                Belle:	And remember what I said, you always need to apply gloss before lipstick, otherwise it just feels wrong, you know?
                                Me: 	(There is no way in hell that they're talking about exactly what I think they are talking about.)
                                Emily:	Yes, that's actually a great tip! You got some tricks up your sleeve, teach me, sensei.
                                Belle:	You got it, honey!
                                Narr:	And Belle, ever so subtly, sneaks a little wink at you.
                                Me: 	(Shit.)
                                Belle:	What's wrong, Dennis? Cat got your tongue?
                                Me: 	Khm... No, I just... don't find makeup that interesting. Sorry.
                                Emily:	You might find you're more interested than you think.
                                Me: 	(Belle is such a bad influence on her, I swear.)
                                Me: 	Yeah, I mean, true. You gotta keep an open mind to new hobbies, I guess.
                                Belle:	Haha, I didn't take you for a dude who would be interested in makeup.
                                Me: 	As I said, I am not. I just like to keep an open mind for anything.
                                Me: 	(Wait, did that come out wrong? I think I'm kinda lost with this metaphor.)
                                Emily:	See, I love that about you! You take interest in all of my hobbies, and I have so many.
                                Belle:	Oh, that's sweet of you, Dennis. Didn't see that caring side of you much.
                                Me: 	(Oh, look, an opening to change this cursed subject.)
                                Me: 	Honestly, I didn't expect a caring side from you either. The way you look after Stacy?
                                Me: 	It's so sweet.
                                Belle:	Thank you, I am like a many-sided die.
                                Belle:	You never know what you're gonna get, but it's gonna be fun in any case.
                                Emily:	Haha, I like that.
                                Me: 	Yeah, what I meant is, you got through to Stacy more than I did, even in therapy. It's impressive.
                                Belle:	Don't sing praises to me, Dennis. It feeds my ego, and I've been told it's been chronically overfed.
                                Me: 	No, no, listen. This is giving credit where credit is due.
                                Belle:	Speaking of the devil.
                                Narr:	Belle stands up from the bench abruptly.
                                Belle:	Or the cultist, in our case. I think I better go check on Stacy.
                                Belle:	She was collecting charcoal from the fire pit the last time I saw her.
                                Emily:	Yeah, you better check on her, we don't want her burning anything down.
                                Belle:	Em, that's not fair, she's a pyromaniac, not an arsonist. There's a difference.
                                Emily:	Fair enough. So you don't think she's a fire hazard?
                                Belle:	Oh no, she definitely is! Just not with any malicious intent. Anyways...
                                Belle:	I'll see you two later. Belle, signing out!
                                Narr:	And, just like that, you two are left alone.
                                Me: 	So, what exactly were you telling Belle about?
                                Emily:	Look, I don't exactly have friends here that I can talk to... I might have mentioned that we were messing around a little...
                                Emily:	I didn't tell her any details, I swear, it just came out of me, it wasn't on purpose!
                                Me: 	Hey, hey, Em, it's okay, pump the brakes.
                                Me: 	I don't care if you talk to Belle, I just don't want my dirty laundry aired to patients that are supposed to view me as an authority, you know?
                                Emily:	No, I did nothing of the sort.
                                Me: 	Then we're all good, I guess.
                                Narr:	She sighs in relief.
                                Emily:	I'm so glad you're not mad at me.
                                Me: 	Nah, I couldn't be mad at you.
                                Me: 	So, did she say anything about it or...?
                                voice:	voice/e10BenchHangoutBrenchGathering_c4bd868e.mp3
                                Emily:	Who? Belle?
                                Me: 	Yes.
                                voice:	voice/e10BenchHangoutBrenchGathering_ea21a4f6.mp3
                                Emily:	*Giggle* And you said you didn't care, huh?
                                Me: 	(God damn it.) Yeah, okay, you're right, I'll quit being nosey.
                                Me: 	You wanna head back to the house with me?
                                voice:	voice/e10BenchHangoutBrenchGathering_6ec49336.mp3
                                Emily:	Sure, let's go.
                                Me: 	(Belle and Emily discussing stuff in private about me? What could go wrong there, I wonder?)
                        Narr:	The two of you walk back toward the house.
                        Narr:	Your arms sway by your side while Emily keeps hers behind her back, practically skipping as she matches your pace.
                        Narr:	The tension between you could be cut with a knife.
                        Narr:	You see your companion looking around, and, when you reach a nearby bench, she tugs your sleeve.
                        Emily:	Let's sit here for a little bit.
                        Me: 	... Huh? Why?
                        Emily:	Hey, just listen to me for once!
                        Me: 	Don't I always?'
                        Narr:	Instead of responding, Emily pulls you down onto the bench with her.
                        Me: 	What? Did you get tired from walking those measly hundred yards or so?
                        Narr:	Instead of replying to your clever remark, Emily presses her lips against yours.
                        Narr:	It catches you by surprise, but by no means does it take you long to melt into the sensation.
                        Narr:	You run your tongue against her bottom lip, coaxing it to allow your tongue entrance, and she is more than happy to oblige.
                        Emily:	Mmm.
                        Narr:	Your tongues wrestle together, your hand finding its way to her waist as you pull her even closer to you.
                        Narr:	You break the kiss momentarily.
                        Me: 	*Whispers* I didn't know you could be so naughty.
                        Emily:	Please, you always knew.
                        Narr:	You pull her back into you, leaving a trail of kisses down her jawline and neck.
                        Emily:	Aahh...
                        Narr:	Emily moans in pleasure as you suck and nibble on her neck, careful not to leave any marks.
                        Narr:	You don't want the girls, or, even worse, Eve asking any questions.
                        Emily:	If you keep this up, we're going to fuck right here.
                        Me: 	Mmm, would that be so bad?
                        Narr:	Suddenly, she pushes you away, lips curving into a mischievous smile.
                        Emily:	Uhm, yes! Do you think I'm that easy?
                        Narr:	That makes you laugh as you rub sheepishly at the back of your neck.
                        Me: 	If you were easy, this would've been happening much sooner.
                        Emily:	Exactly!
                        Emily:	Maybe, if you hadn't ignored me from the start — and if you had played your cards right — it would've been!
                        Me: 	Heh, maybe so.
                        Me: 	Whatever the case, we really should be heading back.
                        Narr:	You are the first to rise from the bench, offering your hand to Emily, which she gladly accepts.
                        Narr:	The two of you continue your stroll back to the house, hand in hand.
    Narr:	You and Emily enter the house together. You both instinctively let go of each other.
    Narr:	Can't be caught holding hands, can you?
    Me: 	Oh my god, Kiara!
    Kiara:	Where the fuck have you two been?
    Me: 	You almost gave me a heart attack.
    Kiara:	I saw you strolling around camp, not even an hour ago, pretending like you didn't see me.
    Narr:	Before you can say anything for yourself, she continues her tirade.
    Kiara:	And I haven't seen you since you disappeared before lunch. Where were you this whole time?!
    Emily:	Oh, I was just... keeping an eye on the patients? You know, the people we're supposed to be looking after?
    Kiara:	Oh, for sure, of course. How dare I even question you?
    Emily:	I am feeling some animosity in the air right now. Did you need my help with something?
    Kiara:	I thought you were going to give me a hand with the dishes, like you always do.
    Kiara:	I didn't think I needed to ask you.
    Narr:	And then she turns her attention back to you.
    Kiara:	And you... 
    Kiara:	Were you also 'looking after the patients' or do you have a better excuse for leaving me alone to deal with the whole load of dishes, all by myself?
    Me: 	I was conducting sessions, actually, and then had to give a detailed report to Eve.
    Kiara:	Is that why you were walking around camp, ignoring me?
    Narr:	You put on your best expression of innocence.
    Me: 	I was looking for both of you because I couldn't find anyone back here. I didn't see you at all. Where were you?
    Me: 	(God, I hope that didn't sound like the load of crap that it is.)
    Kiara:	Oh, so I really did overestimate your perceptive capabilities? I was at the gazebo. Cleaning all of this shit.
    Narr:	She points to the kitchen. There lies a pile of dishes, part of it washed already.
    Emily:	We're here to help you, now! Come on, we can be done in like... ten minutes if all three of us work together.
    Narr:	You join Emily, trying to lighten the mood.
    Me: 	Just us three doing the dirty work, like back in the old days... How does that sound?
    Narr:	Kiara sighs and rolls her eyes, but you can tell she's calmed down a little.
    Kiara:	Fine, but someone needs to prepare the snacks for the eclipse party, as well. We're having veggies with hummus.
    Me: 	Can I do it? I'm handy with a knife.
    Kiara:	Fine by me, Em can actually help you with that, too. I can finish this load on my own, it's practically done already.
    Kiara:	Let's get to work.
    Narr:	The moment you wipe down the very last plate, you hear a cheerful voice behind you.
    Emily:	Hi, guys! What are you up to?
    Me: 	(Oh, Em, you little lamb, you've just walked right into a wolf's den.)
    Kiara:	Doing our jobs, unlike some of us.
    Narr:	You decide to stay out of this, if possible.
    Me: 	(Say, those plates over there look like they are in a dire need of a good wipe.)
    Emily:	Well, you're done anyways. Looks like you didn't need any help.
    Kiara:	That's not the point. It's a matter of principle.
    Kiara:	Both me and Dennis were doing our jobs, and where were you?
    Emily:	Oh, I was just... keeping an eye on the patients? You know, the people we're supposed to be looking after?
    Kiara:	Oh, for sure, of course. How silly of me to ask?
    Emily:	I am feeling some animosity in the air right now. Did you want me to help you clean?
    Kiara:	I thought you were going to do it with me, like we always do. I didn't think I needed to ask you.
    Narr:	Emily is eyeing you for help.
        Narr:	Emily is eyeing you for help.
            Me: 	Kiara, give her a break, she obviously forgot.
            Emily:	I would have helped, if you had just asked...
            Narr:	Kiara's deadpan eyes dart from you to Emily, then back to you.
            Kiara:	I don't have the energy right now for either of you.
            Me: 	(Ah, yes, stacking plates and putting them away is such an engaging activity.)
            Emily:	Kiara, come on, you know I would have helped if you had just asked me!
            Narr:	Kiara looks done and tired with this.
            Kiara:	Okay, whatever, I don't want to deal with you right now.
    Kiara:	You can start prepping snacks for the viewing party. Start chopping veggies. Both of you.
    Emily:	Sure, no problem.
    Me: 	Got it.
    Narr:	You make your way back to the kitchen, and, at the very same time, Emily walks into the house through the front door.
    Me: 	Oh, hey, Em!
    Emily:	Hi, Dennis...
    Kiara:	Where the hell have you been?!
    Narr:	You almost shit a brick until you realize she is looking only at Emily.
    Me: 	(Oof, okay, I'm off the hook.)
    Emily:	At the campground? Why?
    Kiara:	What do you mean 'why'?!
    Kiara:	Are you on vacation right now? Or did you forget you have an actual job to do around here?!
    Emily:	I was looking after the patients! I WAS doing my job! What about Dennis, why aren't you mad at him?
    Kiara:	Because he was doing his goddamn job! Unlike some of us...
    Me: 	(If that is part of my job, I never want to retire.)
    Me: 	Yeah, Em, she has a point. You could have helped out with the dishes, you know?
    Emily:	Oh, the dishes! I'm really sorry you guys! It slipped my mind, I was at the camp with the girls.
    Narr:	Kiara looks like she is about to pop a blood vessel.
    Emily:	At least I made sure none of them got up to anything nefarious? They are all safe and content.
    Narr:	Kiara takes a deep breath and seems to be calming herself down.
    Kiara:	I mean, that is good to hear, but next time around, check in with your colleagues before you run off.
    Emily:	Okay, yeah, that's fair. Anything left to do regarding chores?
    Kiara:	Well, I've just finished with the dishes, I still need to put them away.
    Kiara:	Can you two prepare the veggies for the hummus board?
    Emily:	Sounds good.
    Me: 	We're on it.
    Narr:	You walk in through the back door and freeze. You hear voices from the kitchen.
    Narr:	You strain your ears to listen.
    Narr:	It's Kiara and Emily. They're in the kitchen together, talking.
        Narr:	It's Kiara and Emily. They're in the kitchen together, talking.
            Narr:	You walk into the kitchen and see Emily and Kiara stacking dishes on the counter, side by side.
            Me: 	(Oh, fuck me, are they gonna fight again?)
            Me: 	Hi, guys! What are you two up to?
            Kiara:	Doing our jobs, unlike some of us.
            Emily:	*Giggles*
            Me: 	(Huh, I guess they're... cool now?)
            Me: 	I was doing therapy with the girls, Kiara. I have extra responsibilities now.
            Kiara:	Yes, extra ones. Your old ones didn't magically disappear.
            Kiara:	You can start prepping snacks for the viewing party. Start chopping veggies.
            Me: 	(I could've avoided the damn kitchen.)
            Me: 	Sure, I'm on it.
            Emily:	I'll help; we're done with the dishes anyways.
            Kiara:	I'm okay with that.
            Narr:	You stop right behind the stairs, unbeknownst to them.
            Narr:	You are surprised their tones are calm and conversational, they don't seem to be fighting.
            Emily:	... It really did slip my mind though; I wasn't trying to leave you hanging.
            Kiara:	Water under the bridge...or down the sink, I guess.
            Emily:	*Giggle* Good one.
            Emily:	Soo, about this afternoon... before lunch...
            Me: 	(Aand here comes the shitshow.)
            Emily:	I'm really sorry for acting like I did.
            Kiara:	Hey, me too. I was just... angry and frustrated, I think we both were.
            Kiara:	I didn't mean a word I said, trust me.
            Emily:	No, I didn't either.
            Emily:	Like, the way we tease each other on the regular is one thing, but this was out of pocket for us both, don't you think?
            Kiara:	Agreed. We all say a lot of stuff we don't mean when we're angry...
            Emily:	Don't I know it.
            Kiara:	Can we pretend it never happened?
            Kiara:	I mean, I don't wanna leave you with a bunch of half-assed insults flung your way on impulse.
            Emily:	That's fine by me, I've already forgotten all about it.
            Kiara:	Thanks, Em.
            Narr:	You notice your legs stiffening from just standing there like a statue.
            Me: 	(Might as well stop eavesdropping, it was nothing too interesting anyways.)
            Narr:	You walk into the kitchen, acting casual.
            Me: 	Hi, guys! What are you two up to?
            Kiara:	Doing our jobs, unlike some of us.
            Emily:	*Giggles*
            Me: 	I was doing therapy with the girls, Kiara. I have extra responsibilities now.
            Kiara:	Yes, extra ones. Your old ones haven't magically disappeared.
            Kiara:	You can start prepping snacks for the viewing party. Start chopping veggies.
            Me: 	(I should've avoided the damn kitchen.)
            Me: 	Sure, I'm on it.
            Emily:	Can I help with that? We're done with the dishes anyways.
            Kiara:	Sure, I don't mind.
Narr:	All three of you continue working in silence.
Narr:	Kiara eventually starts gathering ingredients and preparing hummus.
Emily:	How did we even come to the idea of hummus?
Emily:	I mean, not that I'm complaining, but we could have just made popcorn or something, you know?
Emily:	Way less work, you know?
Kiara:	Oh, it was actually Violet's idea — and I liked it.
Kiara:	She suggested some healthy snacks instead of junk food — and I, honestly, just like hummus.
Emily:	Not the worst idea, but junk food would have been easier to prepare.
Me: 	Hm, agreed.
Kiara:	Well, Eve liked the idea too, so that's what we're doing.
Narr:	Another few moments of silent work pass.
Emily:	Hey, guys, did you know...
Me: 	(Oh, boy, here we go.)
Emily:	Hummus used to be considered a poor man's meal.
Narr:	While cooking, Kiara indulges her.
Kiara:	Really? How come?
Me: 	(She must appreciate the background noise.)
Emily:	Yes, it was originally a Middle Eastern dish, and, since chickpeas were really cheap and easy to transport, people spread them all over the world.
Kiara:	That makes sense, didn't know that.
Me: 	Me neither. I always thought it was just some yuppie invention like Acai bowl.
Emily:	That one is Brazilian, and, also, not a new thing.
Me: 	What I mean is, it's the food they'd charge you an arm and a leg for at a vegan place.
Kiara:	Haha, ironically, I'll be the one doing exactly that in a few days.
Emily:	Really? The coffee shop you are going to work for is vegan?
Kiara:	Not necessarily; it's just a high-end restaurant and bar, so they do serve all the new and trendy foods.
Me: 	Wow, that sounds like an obnoxious place to work at.
Kiara:	Maybe, but they pay the most out of all the jobs I looked at.
Me: 	Ha, there might be a reason they pay more? Like, maybe the customers?
Kiara:	Please. I had no issues dealing with patients for all these years, I can deal with some privileged hipsters, too.
Me: 	Fair point, actually.
Emily:	Oh, I am so gonna visit you to see how you're doing, at least once.
Kiara:	Thanks, Em.
Kiara:	Damn it, I might even miss this place, after all.
Narr:	Soon enough, the party snacks are all ready, and you have some time to kill before the eclipse party.
Kiara:	Don't mind me, I think I'm gonna go for a walk. I need some fresh air.
Emily:	I think I need a shower, this heat wave is killing me. When is it ever gonna end?
Kiara:	Yeah, summers are the worst. See you guys, later!
    Narr:	Emily heads upstairs, but not before turning around.
    Emily:	If you also need a shower, you can come upstairs...
    Me: 	Like... with you?
    Emily:	We would be saving water, you know? Saving the planet. Maybe we'll get less heat waves in the future.
    Emily:	But I doubt it's gonna help with mine.
    Narr:	She smirks and skips upstairs, leaving you more than a little stunned.
    Narr:	You feel nothing but static in your head and warmth in your crotch.
    Me: 	(Am I dreaming, or did that really just happen?)
    Me: 	(Do I, like... run after her? Nah, I better play it cool.)
    Me: 	(I'll just make sure there are no witnesses...)
    Me: 	(Coast is clear!)
    Narr:	And so you sneak up the stairs and realize... the house is empty right now.
    Narr:	Emily heads upstairs, but not before turning around.
    Emily:	You said you were gonna find me after you finish with Eve. Why didn't you?
        Me: 	Em, I'm sorry, I had so much work. This is literally the first time today that I don't have something to do...
        Emily:	It's okay, I understand.
        Emily:	I think I also need to rest up, or I'll sleep right through the eclipse. Catch you later, Dennis.
        Narr:	With that, Emily goes upstairs, and you are left alone.
        Me: 	(Damn, I really hope she isn't too disappointed...)
        Me: 	(Eve really made me an offer I couldn't refuse.)
        Me: 	(And, I need a breather, this is... oh, so much.)
        Narr:	So, you head upstairs.
        Me: 	Em, I'm sorry. I went to find you after I was done with work, but you literally disappeared on me.
        Emily:	I was just hanging out with Belle; I didn't know how long you were gonna take.
        Emily:	I thought you were still with Eve when I came in here.
        Me: 	I was looking for you, but stumbled upon Kiara... So I was stacking dishes this whole time.
        Emily:	Oh, isn't that great? Thank you, Kiara.
        Emily:	But we can hang out later, right?
        Me: 	Why not, now?
        Emily:	I need some rest, this day has been... just too much.
        Me: 	I hear that, same here.
        Narr:	With that, Emily goes upstairs, and you are left alone.
        Me: 	(Damn, I really hope she isn't too disappointed...)
        Me: 	(Not like I didn't try to get away from Kiara!)
        Me: 	(Did she do that on purpose? Did I just get cock-blocked by her?!)
        Me: 	(Nah, no way, she isn't that devious...)
        Me: 	(Fuck, it's Kiara we're talking about, she could've totally planned this.)
        Me: 	(No, it doesn't matter at this point. I'll just get some rest and find Emily afterwards.)
        Narr:	So, you head upstairs.
Belle:	I'm bored.
Narr:	Belle's proclamation comes seemingly out of the blue, but it doesn't make Stacy raise her head from her drawing.
Stacy:	That's hardly anything new. Then again, you always find a way to entertain yourself.
Belle:	That's true... But I'm getting twitchy.
Belle:	I've never been this long without...
Belle:	... the internet, y'know?
Stacy:	For a moment, I thought you were going to say something else.
Stacy:	Being that dependent on anything is never good.
Belle:	Hah!
Narr:	Belle bursts into laughter, unable to contain herself. In her laughing fit, she rolls over and ends up in a sitting position.
Belle:	You're one to talk.
Stacy:	What's that supposed to mean?
Belle:	Come on... You can't be THAT unaware of the irony.
Belle:	Even I see it.
Stacy:	See what, exactly?
Belle:	That you don't practice what you preach.
Narr:	The statement causes Stacy's expression to change, clearly appalled.
Stacy:	I live my life in accordance with H.P.L.'s teachings, and I won't be—
Belle:	That's not what I'm talking about.
Stacy:	What are you talking about then?
Belle:	Oh, y'know...
Narr:	Belle puts her legs over the edge of the bed, crossing them as she does.
Belle:	We're all dependent on something... I depend on the internet and sex, and you... well... you have your little Heavenly-whatever.
Stacy:	You know his name, there's no need to make fun of him.
Narr:	The retort catches Belle visibly off guard, causing her demeanor to shift suddenly.
Belle:	Sorry... I didn't mean it like that.
Stacy:	Thank you.
    Stacy:	You're not wrong...
    Stacy:	Ever since I had my session with Dennis... I've been thinking about it.
    Stacy:	It's just difficult.
    Stacy:	The flock has been my family for the last couple of years, and I poured a lot of time and energy into it.
    Stacy:	But is it really good for me in the end?
    Stacy:	These last couple of days at camp were the first time in, I don't know how long, that I managed to have a full night's sleep.
    Narr:	Belle is uncharacteristically quiet as Stacy speaks, only listening and nodding her head sympathetically.
    Stacy:	The thing is, I've never been close to anyone like I've been to my flock...
    Stacy:	Until I got here.
    Belle:	Really?
    Stacy:	Yeah, I've never really had any friends except for other members of the flock, until I met y'all.
    Stacy:	Especially you, Belle.
    Belle:	Me?
    Stacy:	You have no idea how much you've helped me.
    Stacy:	I can only imagine how much worse I would've been had it not been for you and Dennis.
    Stacy:	I have both of you to thank for helping me survive without my family.
    Stacy:	You think I want to be like that?
    Belle:	Stacy, I really didn't mean to—
    Stacy:	The thing is, my flock has been the only support I've had in the last few years.
    Stacy:	No one's ever bothered to listen to me like they have, and they're not even my 'real' family.
    Stacy:	You couldn't possibly know how it feels to be given a voice when you've been lacking one your entire life.
    Narr:	Stacy clenches the charcoal in her hand harder, her knuckles turning white.
    Stacy:	I'm sick of people telling me what is normal and what isn't.
    Stacy:	What makes my religion different from any other?
    Stacy:	The way I see it, it's just a matter of numbers — my flock is smaller in numbers than most religious communities.
    Stacy:	If I were practicing any other faith, I bet they wouldn't have sent me here.
    Stacy:	They would've seen me as just another zealot.
    Stacy:	Here, I am all alone... I have no one except you.
Narr:	Belle stares at Stacy in silence, allowing the quiet between the two to build up.
Narr:	Her eyes begin to tear up.
Narr:	Stacy instantly jolts to her feet, dropping her charcoal and paper, and moving to Belle's side.
Narr:	Her arms wrap around Belle, and she's quick to return the gesture.
Stacy:	I'm sorry, I didn't mean to upset you.
Belle:	No, no. You didn't.
Belle:	It's just that...
Belle:	I didn't know I meant so much to you, Stacy.
    Belle:	You know, Dennis's helped me see a lot of things from a new perspective.
    Belle:	He helped me realize that the way I'm acting isn't really appropriate.
    Belle:	I mean, I was aware that it wasn't appropriate, but I always thought that it didn't matter.
    Belle:	As long as I was desirable, that was all that mattered.
    Belle:	Well, I don't want to just be desirable. I want to be liked.
    Belle:	I want people to like me for me — for my talents — not for my looks or my promiscuity.
    Belle:	But most of all, I realized that I wanted you to like me.
    Belle:	I guess that's why I asked you to—
    Stacy:	It's okay, it wasn't a problem.
    Belle:	No, I shouldn't have left you hanging after you helped me cum.
    Belle:	It was rude and selfish of me.
    Stacy:	It's okay, Belle, I'm glad I could've helped you out. Pleasuring you was something I didn't mind at all.
    Stacy:	Besides... I found other ways to satisfy myself.
    Belle:	But it's just all too much for me.
    Belle:	These last few days in this camp have been absolutely mindblowing.
    Belle:	I don't think I've ever come this close to being face-to-face with my demons.
    Belle:	I never wanted to be here.
    Belle:	I only came here because my family staged a half-assed intervention that was supposed to be my wakeup call.
    Belle:	But a true wake-up call came in the form of you, Stacy.
    Belle:	I never thought I could care for another person until I met you.
    Belle:	I only ever cared about two things... sex and video games.
    Belle:	In fact, the latter I talked about way more often until sex became my primary interest.
    Belle:	I don't know when it happened... I don't know why it came to be like that.
    Belle:	All I know is that, in spite of it, I learned to care about you.
    Belle:	I care about you a lot — I care about your well-being — that's why it's killing me to see you this way.
    Stacy:	Belle, it ain't your fault.
    Belle:	I know, but I have this urge to look out for you.
    Belle:	To keep you safe.
    Belle:	This urge I have is in the way of my own progress, my own well-being.
    Belle:	I don't know what to do.
Stacy:	Thank you for being so open with me, Belle.
Stacy:	And, most of all, thank you for worrying about me.
Narr:	The girls hug each other again, their bodies lingering and enjoying the warmth.
Stacy:	Don't forget about me once we get out.
Belle:	I wouldn't dream of it.
        Narr:	You make it upstairs and hear the shower running from the bathroom.
        Narr:	Standing in front of the door for a second, you wonder if you should knock or just come in.
        Narr:	Ultimately, you decide to be a gentleman and knock.
        Emily:	Who is it?
        Me: 	It's me, Dennis.
        Narr:	The door swings open and Emily is standing inside, completely naked.
        Me: 	Em, oh my god...
        Narr:	She smiles wide and grabs you by the hand.
        Emily:	Join me.
        Narr:	Emily pulls you close, pressing her naked body against yours.
        Narr:	You pull her into a kiss and she returns it, digging her fingers into your shoulders.
        Narr:	You two pick up right where you left off, your tongues finding each other effortlessly.
        Emily:	Mmm.
        Narr:	You feel her hands pull at the waistband of your pants. Your hands trace down her back, all the way down.
        Narr:	You find her perfect, round ass and grab it, squeezing it ever so gently.
        Narr:	You barely even notice her fingers undoing both your button and zipper...
        Narr:	But you definitely feel her grabbing your naked shaft.
        Me: 	Oh...
        Narr:	Letting your pants slide down, she starts jerking you off. 
        Narr:	You can't help stumbling a few steps back, leaning against the nearest wall.
        Emily:	You have no idea how long I have waited to do this...
        Narr:	She gets on her knees and puts your cock in her mouth, sucking on it hard.
        Narr:	You feel her tongue twisting around your tip as she's blowing you, and you think you are about to lose your mind.
        Me: 	You... uh... are really good at this, damn.
        Narr:	You look down and spot a smile as she's looking up at you, not stopping what she's doing.
        Me: 	(Oh, shit, I'm close.)
        Me: 	Wait, wait, I don't wanna finish yet.
        Narr:	Emily stops, still holding onto your shaft. She looks a little disappointed.
        Narr:	You cup her face with your hand.
        Me: 	Don't worry, we're not done yet... Come here.
        Narr:	As she stands up, you place your hands on her hips.
        Me: 	Aren't you cold?
        Emily:	Sorry, what?
        Me: 	Do you want to get in the shower with me? I feel like you'll freeze all naked out here.
        Emily:	Haha, of course.
        Narr:	She helps you pull the rest of your clothes off, and you both enter the shower.
        Narr:	You let the warm water run over you both as you kiss her again, deeply and passionately.
        Narr:	Your naked bodies seem to be melting against each other.
        Narr:	You lean forward, pinning her between you and the wall, and a sound escapes her.
        Emily:	Ahhh.
        Narr:	Her soft moan in your ear drives you wild. You look her in the eyes. Those big, beautiful, green eyes...
        Me: 	I wanna hear that again.
        Emily:	Um, what exactly?
        Me: 	Hm, let me see if I can get that noise out of you again...
        Narr:	Emily's mouth is agape with amazement, but she shakes her head.
        Emily:	Oh no, what if someone hears us?
        Me: 	Guess what? I checked the house.
        Emily:	So?
        Me: 	We're all alone.
        Emily:	Oh, my...
        Narr:	You promptly shut the water off, wanting to focus on your skin against Emily's skin.
        Narr:	You grab one of her tits and start massaging it. She seems to be lost in the sensation.
        Narr:	You kiss her neck, slowly going down.
        Emily:	Fuuck...
        Narr:	As you almost reach her other nipple with your mouth, you notice her instinctively reaching for her crotch.
        Narr:	You grab her wrist, which seems to surprise her a little.
        Me: 	Hey, no cheating. We'll get there when we get there.
        Emily:	*Giggle* Come on! Haven't you made me wait long enough?
        Me: 	I'll make you wait even longer if you misbehave.
        Narr:	Her eyes widen and her cheeks turn beet red. She seems to like being bossed around.
        Me: 	You will be good for me.
        Narr:	You pick up where you left off, kissing right above her nipple, she relaxes into your touch.
        Narr:	You put her nipple in your mouth and gently glide your tongue over it.
        Emily:	Ahhhh.
        Me: 	Ha, there it is.
        Emily:	Please, don't stop!
        Narr:	Without a word, you oblige. You trace the silhouette of her body with your other hand, until you grab at her thigh.
        Narr:	You drag your fingers up her inner thigh and feel that it is soaking wet — and not from the water.
        Me: 	Oh my god, you're so wet.
        Emily:	Can you blame me?!
        Me: 	No, no, I am just amazed.
        Narr:	You take your fingers and gently rub her lips. You can feel her hips following the motion, wanting more.
        Me: 	You're so eager...
        Emily:	I want you sooo bad!
        Narr:	You can't resist anymore, you slide one finger inside...
        Emily:	Ahhh, yeah!
        Narr:	You start moving your finger, and she grips at your shoulders harder. You worry her nails might leave some marks.
        Emily:	Mmm, more, more!
        Narr:	You add another finger and start fucking her.
        Emily:	Oh, oh, fuck!
        Narr:	Her head tilts back in pleasure. You can feel her moving with your hand, shoving your fingers deeper inside.
        Emily:	Ahh, ahh, ahhhh.
        Emily:	Sooo... Good...
        Emily:	Uhm, Dennis?
        Me: 	Yeah?
        Narr:	But, as you haven't stopped finger fucking her, she gets a little distracted and doesn't continue her line of questioning.
        Me: 	Em? Are you okay?
        Emily:	Shit, more than okay... Give me a second, uh...
        Emily:	You're really distracting me here!
        Me: 	Okay, okay, take your time.
        voice:	voice/e10replayemilyshowersex_e6769df7.mp3
        Emily:	Ahhh, yeah!
        Narr:	But you don't stop moving your fingers, and it takes her a whole other minute before she's able to stumble out what she was trying to say...
        Emily:	I was gonna ask you... Can I finish sucking you off now?
        Me: 	Ha, like I would say no to that?!
        Narr:	She grabs your hands and gets on her knees; her blowjob eyes are making you weak in the knees.
        Narr:	She eagerly grabs your cock and starts swallowing it whole.
        Narr:	And this time, you do not plan to stop her.
        Me: 	You like that?
        Emily:	Mmm-mmm.
        Narr:	She's looking up at you, pleasure in her eyes.
        Narr:	You realize it won't be long until you can't take it anymore.
        Me: 	Em, I'm close...
            Narr:	She looks exhilarated by this and proceeds to slide your length out of her mouth, save for the tip.
            Narr:	She continues sucking on it while jerking you off vigorously with both hands.
            Narr:	You physically cannot fight against the sensation of her tongue gliding all over your tip, sending you into ecstasy.
            Me: 	I'm cumming!
            Narr:	You spray your load all over her face and mouth. She was eagerly waiting for it, catching it with her tongue.
            Emily:	You taste so sweet!
            Narr:	She looks exhilarated by this and picks up the pace.
            Narr:	She grabs the bottom of your shaft with both hands for a better grip. You thrust your hips ever so slightly.
            Narr:	You physically cannot fight against the sensation of her tight little throat against your cock, which sends you into ecstasy.
            Me: 	I'm cumming!
            Narr:	You fill her mouth with your cum; a little seems to be spilling over. The load might have been a little too big for her.
            voice:	voice/e10EmilyShoweSexSceneCumContinuation_28bd966b.mp3
            Emily:	You taste so sweet!
            Narr:	She remarks while wiping her mouth.
        Narr:	You stand under the warm water, both breathing heavily.
        Emily:	I take back my complaints, you were worth the wait.
        Me: 	So were you... My god, you're amazing, Em.
        Narr:	She giggles sweetly, and you embrace her. Her naked body feels incredible, pressing against yours.
        Narr:	You both decide to take a proper shower after having worked up quite a sweat.
        Narr:	There is something so nice about simply spending time together.
        Narr:	Not long after, you're both drying off and putting your clothes back on.
        Emily:	Hey, I think I need to lie down a little...
        Me: 	Same here. I'd invite you to my room, but that would definitely be pushing our luck.
        Emily:	No, don't worry, I know.
        Narr:	As you exit the bathroom together, Emily pulls you in for one last kiss.
        Emily:	I'll make sure I dream of you.
        Narr:	You watch her walk away, wearing a smile on her face, before you go to your own room for a nice rest.
    Narr:	Belle and Stacy back away from each other, eyes locked together before their lips clash against one another.
    Narr:	Their tongues intertwine, dancing together to the music of passion.
    Belle:	Mmmm.
    Narr:	Stacy's hand rests on the back of Belle's neck as she moves to straddle her lap, Belle's hands instantly finding their way to Stacy's waist.
    Narr:	They continue making out until Stacy's hips slowly begin to move, grinding against Belle's leg.
    Narr:	Momentarily, their kiss breaks so that Belle can enjoy Stacy's naked form, fondling her breasts.
    Narr:	Instantly, Belle's mouth wraps around one of her nipples, sucking on it lightly while Stacy continues to rub herself against Belle's leg.
    Stacy:	Aah!
    Belle:	Do you like that?
    Stacy:	For the love of H.P.L, yes!
    Belle:	Tell me, Stacy... Who do you like to think about when you touch yourself?
    Stacy:	Mmmngh!
    Belle:	Tell me, or I'll stop.
    Narr:	Stacy gathers her composure, just so she can answer Belle.
    Stacy:	[fl!c]-Dennis!
    Belle:	Hah, I guess that's another thing you and I have in common~
    Belle:	I know I'm not Dennis, but I hope I will be able to substitute him today.
    Narr:	She pushes her onto her back before moving her head down to face Stacy's pussy.
    Narr:	Instantly, she presses her face into it, and Stacy screams in pleasure as Belle's tongue twirls around her most sensitive spot.
    Stacy:	Oh lord!
    voice:	voice/e10replaybelleandstacysex_0bd55328.mp3
    Belle:	Mmmm.
    Narr:	Belle continues to pleasure Stacy, Stacy's hand finding its place at the back of her head as she writhes in pleasure.
    Belle:	I can't take it any longer.
    Narr:	With that, Belle backs away from Stacy, but only to take her own skirt off — now completely naked from the waist down.
    Belle:	This is my favorite thing to do.
    Narr:	She sits down on the bed and scoots closer to Stacy, their legs intertwining as their pussies come in direct contact with each other.
    Narr:	The touch sends jolts of pleasure down both their spines as they begin to rub against each other.
    Belle:	Aaah!
    Stacy:	That's so good, Belle...
    Belle:	Mhmmm.
    Narr:	They continue the motion, their wetness exchanged and mixed until there was no longer a way to tell which of the two was wetter.
    Narr:	But something was missing, that much was clear.
    Stacy:	Please, Belle, I want you to fuck me with one of your dildos...
    Belle:	Are you sure?
    Stacy:	Yes, please do it.
    Narr:	Without further ado, Belle rises away from the flustered Stacy and goes to her closet.
    Narr:	She pulls out her trusty toy and walks back to Stacy.
    Belle:	I want you to think of Dennis while I do this.
    Narr:	Stacy nods in agreement before Belle plunges the toy deep into Stacy's hole.
    Stacy:	AAAah!
    Narr:	At that moment, Stacy's moans become that much louder and more intense.
    Narr:	Finally, Belle begins to thrust in and out as she fucks Stacy senselessly, leaving little room for her to catch her breath.
    Narr:	Stacy's eyes all but roll back into her head as Belle continues to pleasure her endlessly.
    Stacy:	Yes, Dennis, harder!
    Narr:	Belle obliges, smirking as she watches Stacy near her peak with every thrust and motion.
    Belle:	Are you close?
    Stacy:	Mhmm!
    Belle:	Cum all over Dennis's dick, Stacy!
    Narr:	And with that, Stacy's body begins to convulse in pleasure, her pussy clenching hard around Belle's toy as she rides out her orgasm.
    Narr:	It doesn't take long until her body slumps in satisfaction. Belle pulls the toy out of her gently and sets it aside.
    Belle:	Is my debt paid off?
    Stacy:	Mhmmm.
    Belle:	Good, as it should be.
    Narr:	Belle wraps her arm around Stacy as she shifts closer, bodies now meshing together as they begin to cuddle.
Narr:	You enter your room and an overwhelming sense of relief washes over you.
Narr:	The moment you lay your eyes on the bed, you cannot resist it.
Narr:	You belly flop onto it, tired and rapidly sinking into dreamland.
Me: 	(Sweet, sweet bed. Oh, how I have missed you!)
Narr:	But the moment you start to lose contact with reality, your phone rings.
Me: 	What fresh hell is this?
Narr:	You think on whether to answer it or not.
    Narr:	You think on whether to answer it or not.
        Me: 	It could be something important...
        Narr:	You pick up.
        Me: 	Hello?
        Narr:	But from the other end, you don't hear anyone.
        Me: 	... Heello? Anyone there?
        Narr:	You prick up your ears and realize you do hear sound from the other end, but it isn't speech.
        Me: 	(I can hear some rustling... like someone walking through leaves?)
        Narr:	Now you are hesitant to say anything. Did someone call you on accident or was this deliberate?
        Me: 	Is there anyone there? Hello?!
        Narr:	You still get no response, but you think you can hear breathing from the other end.
        Narr:	You try to up the volume on the call, but you still can't tell anything about the caller.
        Me: 	(This is ridiculous; it's obviously a butt dial or something.)
        Narr:	Just as you are about to hang up, you hear a clear-as-day click from the other end.
        Narr:	Someone has just hung up.
        Me: 	...
        Me: 	(Well, that was mildly unsettling.)
        Narr:	You put down your phone and put it on silent. You are not in the mood to be disturbed again.
        Me: 	(What, in the actual fuck, was that?)
        Me: 	(I would bet my bottom dollar that it's some annoying telemarketer.)
        Narr:	The phone immediately stops ringing.
        Me: 	(A bad one, too. Don't they know that persistence is key to making sales?)
        Me: 	(Oh, well, whatever.)
        Narr:	You lay down on your bed, silencing your phone this time.
        Me: 	(Sorry, Dennis is currently unavailable. Please try again when I'm not trying to nap.)
Narr:	It takes you a little bit more time to settle down, but eventually you manage to fall asleep.
Narr:	Into sweet, sweet, peaceful sleep.
Narr:	Well deserved rest after a full day of running around...
Narr:	Until the peaceful void of your slumber changes on you.
Me: 	OH MY GOD!
Narr:	You practically jump out of your bed, stumbling as you do.
Me: 	Phone... Gotta check the phone.
Narr:	You are relieved to see that time reads normally, meaning you are no longer asleep.
Me: 	(Thank fuck. Also, I was asleep for barely half an hour… Surprisingly enough, I feel rested.)
Me: 	(Or maybe it's the adrenaline.)
Narr:	You are just about to relax when you take another look at your phone.
Narr:	There is one missed call.
Narr:	This one is also from a hidden number.
Narr:	You stand there, stunned and in disbelief.
    Me: 	(I don't understand, is someone trying to send me some kind of a message?)
    Me: 	(Or is it just my luck that some lumberjack has my phone number on speed dial?)
    Me: 	(No, this has to be some prank call or something.)
    Me: 	(I would block the number so they stop harassing me, if I had a number to block.)
    Me: 	(Maybe I should change my number when I'm in town next time.)
    Me: 	(What the hell?!)
    Me: 	(They seem eager to reach me, yet they hide their number?)
    Me: 	(Now that's just idiotic. I would call back out of curiosity at this point... If I had a number to call.)
    Me: 	(Could be a prank call... Maybe.)
Me: 	(So, I am either being haunted and both the nightmares and the calls are the result of it...)
Me: 	(Or, I might be on the market for a therapist myself.)
Narr:	You sit on the edge of your bed, trying to gather your thoughts.
Me: 	(I mean, let's try to think about this logically. People get random, weird phone calls all the time; that's not too weird.)
Me: 	(And I have been under a lot of stress lately; I slept like shit for the past couple of days and I even spent a whole night tied to a tree in the forest.)
Me: 	(No wonder I am on the verge of losing it.)
Me: 	(I think I want to talk to Eve about all of this.)
Me: 	(I need to tell her about the phonecalls for sure, because that might even be a security risk to the camp.)
Me: 	(I really can't be alone with my own thoughts right now. I don't want to be.)
Narr:	You put on some fresh clothes and head downstairs, hoping to find someone there.
Narr:	As you reach the bottom of the stairs, you first spot Eve, lounging on the couch.
Narr:	The TV is off, and she looks like her stress headache has fully kicked in.
Narr:	Lingering at the bottom of the stairs, you spot Emily in the kitchen. She's sitting alone, immersed in a book she's reading.
Narr:	The question is, who will you spend your time with?
    Narr:	The question is, who will you spend your time with?
        Me: 	(Eve looks like she could use some company.)
        Narr:	Leaving Emily to her literature is probably a good idea.
        Narr:	Carefully, on light feet, you enter the living room. Your hand tentatively reaches out to brush against Eve's shoulder.
        Narr:	The action causes the woman to jolt out of her nap or from whatever daydream she was having.
        Me: 	Sorry, did I wake you?
        Eve:	Oh, not at all. I was just resting my eyes.
        Narr:	You can see that you caught her off guard.
        Narr:	Eve rushes to straighten her clothing and wipe off any evidence of sleep she had leftover on her features.
        Me: 	(Even like this, she looks beautiful.)
        Me: 	Would you mind if I sat next to you?
        Eve:	Be my guest, Dennis.
        Narr:	You move around the couch to sit next to her, sinking into the soft cushions. Your knee barely grazes Eve's as you reach to pick up the remote.
        Eve:	Though, I would appreciate it if you didn't turn on the TV — I'm fighting a head-crushing migraine.
            Me: 	(I suppose this is not the best time to continue where we left off...)
            Me: 	(Though... maybe I can still get her in the mood, somehow.)
        Me: 	My bad, I had no idea. Is there any way I can help?
        Eve:	Not unless you are willing to take my head clean off my shoulders.
        Me: 	Come on, Eve, that's way too dark.
        Eve:	*Laughs* Sorry, I guess you haven't had a chance to see my dark side yet.
        Me: 	Take off your heels.
        Eve:	What? Why?
        Me: 	Come on, trust me.
        Me: 	You seem to forget that I know a thing or two.
        Narr:	She chuckles yet obliges without further questioning. She kicks off her heels, leaving her feet protected only by transparent, black stockings.
        Narr:	Your hand gently reaches for one of her ankles, placing her leg onto your lap.
        Narr:	Soon, the other leg follows without your intervention.
        Me: 	I've been told I have magic hands, y'know?
        Eve:	I'll be the judge of that.
        Narr:	The tips of your fingers begin pressing into Eve's soles while your thumb massages the top of her foot.
            Eve:	Mmm...
            Eve:	God, this feels amazing.
            Eve:	I guess you weren't lying.
            Me: 	When have I ever lied?
            Eve:	You know, every good therapist has to lie sometimes.
            Me: 	That doesn't sound very ethical.
            Eve:	Well, maybe 'lie' is a bit too strong of a word... Masking the truth would be a better way to word it.
            Eve:	Some people can't handle the truth when presented bluntly.
            Me: 	I'll keep that in mind.
            Narr:	You continue applying the correct pressure, proud of your achievement.
            Me: 	How's the migraine now?
            Eve:	Ouch, that's a bit too rough!
            Me: 	Oh, my bad.
            Narr:	You adjust the pressure you're applying on Eve's feet. Now, massaging them a bit smoother and gentler.
            Eve:	Mmm, that's much better.
            Me: 	Sorry, some like it rough.
            Eve:	I'm well-aware, but I like it rough in... other fields.
            Me: 	Duly noted.
            Narr:	You continue applying the correct pressure.
            Me: 	How's the migraine now?
        Eve:	No amount of painkillers seems to help. Have you ever had a migraine, Dennis?
        Eve:	Although, I suppose you are still too young to get them.
        Me: 	Hey, I had to pull an all-nighter — or two — to pass my exams, so I'm familiar with sleep-deprivation-induced headaches.
        Eve:	Except that this is stress-induced.
        Me: 	Are you under a lot of stress, Eve?
        Narr:	She pauses, as if she isn't sure if she should share her troubles with you.
        Narr:	Finally, she speaks, removing her feet from your lap.
        Eve:	By now, you've probably stopped wondering, or you've come to a conclusion of your own...
        Eve:	Do you know why we are hosting female patients within the camp this year?
        Narr:	The question strikes you like a bolt of lighting.
        Me: 	(I guess I've been having so much fun that 'why' became irrelevant.)
        Me: 	I don't know, maybe because male patients are harder to work with?
        Eve:	Well, physically at least, as you require much stronger caretakers in order to subdue them if issues arise.
        Eve:	But, female patients are psychologically more complex, as females have more pronounced manipulative tendencies.
        Eve:	However, that is not the reason.
        Eve:	Any other guesses?
        Narr:	You think for a moment, your finger and thumb finding their way to your chin as you mull it over.
        Me: 	I genuinely thought it was just for the sake of switching things up.
        Eve:	Money.
        Me: 	Money?
        Eve:	Yes, did you think patients stay here for free?
        Eve:	There's a reason why we tread on thin ice when it comes to lawsuits; Red Falls is a private institution that patients pay to be admitted to.
        Eve:	It is funded by a couple of individuals with a lot of money, but, in reality, it is all an investment.
        Eve:	Statistically, females whose issues require them to be sent to behavioral institutions like this one are, on average, richer.
        Eve:	Belle is a popular streamer that earns a lot of money through the internet.
        Eve:	Her bottled bathwater scheme sold out in seconds. The truth is, she has a lot of money.
        Eve:	Stacy is sponsored by her cult, which is led by a wealthy individual that funds all members.
        Eve:	She was court-ordered to be sent to a public institution — until he intervened.
        Eve:	Violet is a professional athlete, her career on a steadfast path toward global success. She already has multiple sponsorships under her belt.
        Eve:	And finally, I think there's no need to elaborate on Naomi's background.
        Eve:	She made sure to make us familiar with it the moment she'd stepped foot into Red Falls.
        Me: 	Damn, I never thought of it that way.
        Me: 	I really thought Naomi was the only one that was filthy rich.
        Eve:	Aside from all of them being female, wealth is a trait they all share.
        Eve:	And yet, being a private camp and all, why are we eating sandwiches every other day instead of proper meals?
        Me: 	I thought I was the only one bothered by that!
        Narr:	Eve shook her head, solemnly.
        Me: 	The camp cuts expenses anywhere it can. For the more it saves, the more its investors can pocket.
            Eve:	That's why I lost it when I saw that you hadn't confiscated Naomi's phone.
            Eve:	My contract is so ironclad, that any lawsuit the camp suffers would reflect onto me, not the institution.
            Me: 	Eve, I had no idea...
            Eve:	Well, you're not supposed to know, as I am in breach of my own contract just by telling you this.
            Eve:	Neither Emily, nor Kiara, know any of this. Otherwise, they would be entitled to ask for a higher pay.
        Eve:	This year, they've tightened the reins even more.
        Eve:	By default, more money is being spun around by the change of patients, so they require every expense to be justified.
        Eve:	They swamped me with paperwork and cut our budget in half, all to increase our already increased income.
        Eve:	Not only that, I am also required to send daily reports that detail the ongoing activities inside the camp.
        Eve:	Which is practically impossible, considering I am only one person.
        Eve:	It's one of the reasons I've given you more responsibilities this time around; I simply had no time to take care of all that myself.
        Me: 	And I am cheap labor, is that it?
        Narr:	As soon as you say that, even though you were joking, Eve's hand lands on your thigh with a worried expression.
        Eve:	You are so much more than that, Dennis.
            Eve:	You are an invaluable asset to me, and I would be proud to call you a colleague once you graduate.
            Eve:	Your commitment to this camp and to those girls told me so much about you as a person, not to mention about your work ethic.
            Eve:	If you continue working in this field, I am sure you will have a stellar career.
        Eve:	But most of all, Dennis, you are the first person to see me as a woman in a long time.
        Me: 	Really?
        Narr:	Eve pauses, the cogs inside her head visibly spinning as she searches for the appropriate words.
        Eve:	My work is extremely time-consuming. Maybe, it wouldn't be so if I was less passionate about it, but, this is my calling.
        Eve:	Helping people and setting them on the right track is something I wished to do ever since I was a college student...
        Eve:	But, it being a calling, means I neglected a part of myself.
        Eve:	I've forgotten that being a doctor doesn't mean that I should forget what it means to be a woman.
        Eve:	The two aren't mutually exclusive.
        Narr:	Eve's hand slides up your thigh, closer to your crotch, and it stirs something within you.
        Eve:	Your attention reminded me of my more carnal needs that are now stronger than ever after finally being awakened.
        Eve:	I haven't been reminded of those for many years. Not since I was in Paris.
        Eve:	I'm sure you remember that story.
        Eve:	I cannot thank you enough for what you have shown me.
        Me: 	I think I know of a way you could thank me.
        Narr:	Your hand reaches for the back of her neck, eager to pull her into a passionate kiss, but she stops you.
        Eve:	Not here.
        Eve:	Follow me.
        Narr:	She gently grabs your wrist and stands to her feet, picking up her heels along the way.
        Narr:	Barefoot, Eve leads you up the stairs.
        Narr:	Eve leads you up the stairs and you can feel her positively tingling with excitement.
        Narr:	You, yourself, are already more than eager to see what awaits you once you step through the door and into Eve's bedroom.
        Narr:	She gives you a smile over her shoulder as she grips the doorknob and turns it.
        Narr:	As expected, the room is practically sterile, methodically neat. You expected nothing less from a woman of Eve's vocation.
        Narr:	You note that the entire room smells exactly like her, perfectly enticing and inviting.
        Me: 	I like the sheets.
        Eve:	Thanks, red is my favorite color.
        Narr:	Finally, she releases her grip on your wrist, but only to push onto the bed - causing you to fall into a sitting position.
        Eve:	Now, you and I are going to have some much overdue fun.
        Me: 	Yes, ma'am. What did you have in mind?
        Narr:	She leans over you, her hand gripping your eager erection.
        Eve:	Before you take off your clothing, I want to show you something.
        Narr:	You almost groan in protest as she steps away from you, swaying her hips as she walks over to her closet.
        Narr:	When she opens it, she pulls out a box and walks back to the bed.
        Narr:	She sets a box full of sex toys next to you.
            Me: 	(Heh, somehow I knew those were hers.)
            Me: 	(I'm glad I'll finally get to see Eve's trusty tools in action.)
        Eve:	We will do this in a 'quid pro quo' type of manner.
        Me: 	Mmm, there's nothing sexier when you put it like that.
        Narr:	Eve slaps your bicep lightly as you chuckle at your own clever joke.
        Eve:	If you do as I say, I will let you do whatever you want with me.
        Narr:	This catches your attention, and you are soon done with making any sort of jokes.
        Eve:	Whether that means trying this...
        Narr:	Eve displays the ball gag from the box of toys.
        Eve:	Or this...
        Narr:	Following the ball gag, she pulls out some rope.
        Eve:	Even this, if you dare...
        Narr:	A cock ring follows after the rope, one which she teasingly throws at your crotch. You set it aside.
        Eve:	Or maybe even a personal favorite of mine, is up to you.
        Narr:	She finishes the showcase with anal beads, which certainly catches your interest.
        Me: 	(So, Eve is most definitely into butt play. Noted.)
        Eve:	But, if you don't listen to me, I will make it that much harder for you to do what you want with me.
        Eve:	... Then again, that doesn't mean that it will be impossible.
        Me: 	I like the sound of that.
        Eve:	One more thing.
        Narr:	She pulls one more thing out of the box — a kama sutra book.
        Eve:	Given your age, I expect you to be more than familiar with the literary canon.
        Narr:	She drops it onto the bed next to you.
        Eve:	Feel free to inspire yourself while I get dressed for you.
        Narr:	You pick up the book and flip through the pages.
        Me: 	(Huh, this is some interesting stuff.)
        Me: 	(Finally, a challenge.)
            Me: 	Don't you owe me a reward for all my hard work?
            Eve:	That ship has sailed, I'm afraid.
            Me: 	What?!
            Eve:	I told you to come see me in my office after our session, did I not?
            Me: 	W-well, yeah, you did...
            Me: 	But, you know I had a lot of work to do around the camp!
            Eve:	Uhuh, uhuh.
            Eve:	Well, you will have to learn to manage your time better.
            Me: 	(I'll get my reward out of you, one way or another.)
        Eve:	When I get back, I expect to see you undressed.
        Narr:	She says with a wink before leaving the room.
        Me: 	(Hmm, should I listen to her or set my own pace for this?)
        Me: 	(I guess I should play along and see where it takes me.)
        Me: 	(I can always change my mind along the way.)
        Narr:	You pull your shirt over your shoulders, kick your shoes off your feet and pull your pants down.
        Narr:	It doesn't take long before you are stark naked waiting for Eve, your cock erect and ready for whatever is about to come.
        Me: 	(Damn, it's kinda chilly in here.)
        Narr:	Finally, the door opens with an audible creak and through it enters Eve.
        Narr:	Your jaw practically drops to the floor when you see what Eve is wearing. You certainly weren't expecting that.
        Me: 	Wow…
        Me: 	Eve... You look beautiful.
        Narr:	Eve only smirks at your remark, heels clacking against the wooden floor as she approaches.
        Narr:	She raises her leg, the sole of her heel gently pressing against your bare chest until she gives you an ample push.
        Narr:	Your back lands on the bed with your feet still touching the ground.
        Narr:	Before you can even register what is happening, Eve is straddling you, leaning over your chest.
        Narr:	Her face, a mere inch away from yours.
        Eve:	Obedience always gets rewarded.
        Narr:	She practically purrs it out as she presses her palm against your cheek before pressing her lips to yours.
        Narr:	The two of you kiss passionately. Your tongues intertwining, tentatively, before increasing in intensity.
        Narr:	All the while, you can feel her crotch rubbing against your bare erection.
        Narr:	The sensation of her silk panties moving along your girth... absolutely mindblowing.
        Narr:	Eve's hands slide along your arms until they find both of your wrists, raising your arms above your head.
        Eve:	Remember the rules, now.
        Me: 	Yeah, yeah...
        Eve:	Repeat them to me.
        Me: 	If I...
        Narr:	Eve's grinding becomes much more insistent, the pressure she's applying suddenly becoming much more intense.
        Narr:	As if she wants you to have trouble finding your words.
        Me: 	(Heh, I'm not giving her the satisfaction... Not entirely, at least.)
        Narr:	You can see by her expression that she's endlessly amused by the effect she has on you.
        Narr:	You muster up all of your brainpower to finish your sentence.
        Me: 	If I do what you say, you will let me do whatever I want with you.
        Eve:	Good to see you're still with me.
        Eve:	Now, I don't want you to finish too early, understand?
        Me: 	Oh, I wouldn't worry about that.
        Eve:	I'll be the judge of that.
        Narr:	She backs away from you, suddenly, halting her grinding but still straddling you.
        Eve:	Now, you will refer to me as...
            Eve:	Now, you will refer to me as...
                Me: 	Actually, I don't mind calling you by your name.
                Me: 	I think it's beautiful.
                Narr:	That causes her to blush, dispersing the intensity between the two of you for a moment.
                Eve:	Well... aren't you the sweetest.
                sexName ... Mistress
                sexName I guess it doesn't sound too bad.
                Me: 	(I'm starting to like where this is going.)
                sexName Now... the first and only rule.
                sexName You are not allowed to touch me until I allow you to.
                sexName Understand?
                Me: 	Yes.
                sexName Yes, what?
                Me: 	Yes, Mistress.
                sexName ... Doctor
                sexName I guess it doesn't sound too bad.
                Me: 	(I'm starting to like where this is going.)
                sexName Now... the first and only rule.
                sexName You are not allowed to touch me until I allow you to.
                sexName Understand?
                Me: 	Yes.
                sexName Yes, what?
                Me: 	Yes, Doctor.
            sexName Your size caught me by surprise last time.
            sexName But, I assure you, you will not catch me unprepared this time.
            Narr:	As she says that, she moves downwards, now face to face with your cock.
            Narr:	She licks along the length while you keep your hands behind your back.
            Narr:	Gripping your own wrists to prevent yourself from tangling your fingers into her hair.
            Me: 	Mmm, that feels good, [sexName!t].
            sexName I know you yearn for more, but I just can't help myself.
            sexName I had one taste and I couldn't get it out of my head — I need it.
            Narr:	Finally, she reaches the tip and envelops it with her red lips.
            Narr:	Without further hesitation, she takes your whole length into her mouth.
            Me: 	(I guess she wasn't playing around.)
            Me: 	Mmm, yes!
            Narr:	You can feel your dick reach the deepest confines of Eve's throat as she takes all of you in without so much as a flinch.
            Narr:	This time, she really wasn't unprepared.
            sexName I must admit... I didn't expect this.
            Narr:	She says as she moves downward, now face to face with your cock.
            sexName I mean, I knew you were big, but this is beyond my wildest expectations.
            Narr:	She licks along the length while you keep your hands behind your back.
            Narr:	Gripping your own wrists to prevent yourself from tangling your fingers into her hair.
            Me: 	Mmm, that feels good, [sexName!t].
            Narr:	Finally, she reaches the tip and envelops it with her red lips.
            Narr:	Without further hesitation, she takes your whole length into her mouth.
            Narr:	When it comes to moving downward, she displays some reservation.
            Narr:	Her lips glide down slow and gentle, but still, you can see that she's trying to adjust to your length.
            Me: 	Come on, [sexName!t], I thought you knew what you were doing?
            Narr:	Your teasing proves fruitful as she suddenly takes your whole length into her mouth.
            sexName (I need to remind him who's in charge here.)
            Me: 	Oh, yeahh...
        Narr:	Eve proceeds to give you what you believe to be the best blowjob of your life, showing no hesitation in taking you whole.
        sexName *suck* *suck*
        Narr:	Her tongue is doing wonders and you fight the urge to push her head as she moves along.
        Me: 	(Fuck, maybe I can't play this game with her.)
            Me: 	(Fuck, maybe I can't play this game with her.)
                Me: 	I'm sorry, [sexName!t].
                Narr:	You say, before you give into your urges.
                Narr:	Your fingers find their place at the back of Eve's head, fingers weaving themselves into her raven locks.
                Narr:	You begin to push her down onto your dick, setting a relentless rhythm.
                Me: 	Fuuuck!
                Narr:	She doesn't seem to protest, moaning along as you push her down.
                Narr:	When you feel yourself nearing the edge, you are quick to pull her off of you. She looks at you with a dazed look in her eyes.
                sexName I can appreciate a man that takes what he wants, but those were not the rules.
                Me: 	Screw the rules. I want you. I've waited long enough.
                sexName Then take me.
                Narr:	You require no further permission, and, with uncontrolled lust, you switch your positions.
                Narr:	Eve is now laying on her back while you are looming over her.
                Narr:	In one swift motion, you rip off her panties, which causes her to moan in anticipation.
                Narr:	She doesn't seem to mind you taking charge.
                Narr:	Teasingly, you rub her pussy lips with your tip, before aligning yourself with her entrance.
                Me: 	Are you ready?
                Narr:	She doesn't answer, only smiles and nods her head. It's only when you begin to push the head of your dick in that Eve yells...
                sexName FUCK, YOU'RE BIG!
                Me: 	I'm not even all the way in.
                sexName S-sorry, I've just never had anyone so— AAH!
                Narr:	You continue pushing on, causing her to scream in pleasure.
                sexName God, Dennis!
                Narr:	Only when you find yourself buried within her entirely do you halt your movement, allowing her to adjust.
                sexName You have no idea how much I've missed this!
                Me: 	(She's so wet.)
                Me: 	Don't worry, I can tell.
                Narr:	Finally, you start rocking your hips, setting a steady rhythm that you can tell she enjoys by her incessant moaning.
                sexName Ooooh, Dennis!
                Me: 	You feel so good, [sexName!t].
                Narr:	Her long nails dig into your back, clawing at you in pleasure, and you don't mind the slight hint of pain.
                Me: 	Aaaah, you're driving me wild!
                Narr:	You quickly shake the thought away.
                Me: 	(No, best I stay focused and play by the rules.)
                Me: 	(Besides, Eve has set them for a reason and I know I will be rewarded if I respect them.)
                Narr:	As if she can hear your thoughts, she smirks at you while removing your member out of her mouth, momentarily.
                sexName Good.
                sexName I always reward obedience.
                Narr:	She reaches into her box of toys, pulling out the anal beads.
                Narr:	In a quick motion, she changes her position, now straddling you with her back turned to you.
                Narr:	Eve gets into a sixty-nine position, her ass and pussy pointed at your face while she is face-to-face with your dick again.
                Narr:	How and when she took off her panties remains a mystery, but you cannot get your eyes off the prize.
                sexName I will allow you to use this, but only this.
                Narr:	She hands you the beads behind her and you observe the tool in your hand.
                sexName You're not allowed to eat me or touch me other than pushing those beads inside of my ass.
                sexName Understand?
                Me: 	Yes, [sexName!t].
                Narr:	She returns to sucking your dick and you grunt in pleasure.
                Me: 	(Man, this will make it hard to focus.)
                sexName *suck* *suck* Mmmm...
                Narr:	As Eve's head bobs up and down your cock, you carefully push the toy into her ass until the string is poking out of it.
                Narr:	You allow this to go on for a little while before pulling at it... until a single bead pops out.
                sexName Mmmf!
                Narr:	Eve moans as loudly as she possibly can with her mouth stuffed full of your member.
                Narr:	You've never heard anyone enjoying themselves so much while doing this.
                Me: 	(God, I wanna hear her make that sound again.)
                Narr:	You can see her getting wetter and wetter as you pull on the dildo, another bead popping out.
                sexName Aaah!
                Narr:	This time around, she stops sucking your dick only to release a loud moan of pleasure.
                Narr:	She seems to be too lost in her own ecstasy to continue pleasuring you.
                Narr:	She almost seems to be on the verge of cumming.
                Me: 	(God, I want to taste her...)
                Me: 	(Should I...?)
                    Me: 	(Should I...?)
                        Me: 	(Fuck it, I want— No, I NEED to know how she tastes.)
                        Narr:	Some rules are simply meant to be broken.
                        Narr:	You think to yourself, as you bury your face into the sweet and glistening treasure that is Eve's pussy.
                        Narr:	Your tongue instantly darts out, swirling around the sweet secrets she hides within.
                        Narr:	As soon as you start, Eve's moaning becomes louder and much more insistent.
                        Narr:	She is gripping your leg in an attempt to pull herself together, but her yearning has come to fruition.
                        Narr:	She can barely contain herself.
                        voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_219a1072.mp3
                        sexName God, Dennis!
                        sexName I need you inside of me, NOW!
                        Narr:	Despite her wish, she seems to be quite content with just riding your face. Although, from the way her body trembles, you can tell she really wants it.
                        Narr:	You require no further permission, and, with uncontrolled lust, you switch your positions.
                        Narr:	Eve is now laying on her back while you are looming over her.
                        Narr:	She doesn't seem to mind you taking charge.
                        Narr:	Teasingly, you rub her pussy lips with your tip before aligning yourself with her entrance.
                        Me: 	Are you ready?
                        Narr:	She doesn't answer, only smiles and nods her head. It's only when you begin to push the head of your dick in, that Eve yells...
                        voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_5c5e5503.mp3
                        sexName FUCK, YOU'RE BIG!
                        Me: 	I'm not even all the way in.
                        sexName S-sorry, I've just never had anyone so— AAH!
                        Narr:	You continue pushing on, causing her to scream in pleasure.
                        voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_219a1072.mp3
                        sexName God, Dennis!
                        Narr:	Only when you find yourself buried within her entirely do you halt your movement, allowing her to adjust.
                        voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_f936222e.mp3
                        sexName You have no idea how much I've missed this!
                        Me: 	(She's so wet.)
                        Me: 	Don't worry, I can tell.
                        Narr:	Finally, you start rocking your hips, setting a steady rhythm that you can tell she enjoys by her incessant moaning.
                        voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_2eed5fa1.mp3
                        sexName Ooooh, Dennis!
                        Me: 	You feel so good, [sexName!t].
                        Narr:	Her long nails dig into your back, clawing at you in pleasure, and you don't mind the slight hint of pain.
                        Me: 	Aaaah, you're driving me wild!
                        Me: 	(No, I can do this.)
                        Narr:	You pull the final bead out — and Eve practically convulses on top of you, shaking and trembling with pleasure.
                        sexName Yes, yes, YES!
                        sexName Oh, I loved that!
                        Me: 	I could tell, [sexName!t].
                        sexName Mmm, you're a good boy, aren't you?
                        Narr:	She turns around to face you once more, grinding on your leg, hungrily, spreading her wetness all over your thigh.
                        Me: 	If it brings you pleasure, [sexName!t], I am.
                        sexName I want to feel you inside of me, now.
                        Me: 	I want to BE inside of you, [sexName!t].
                        Me: 	You have no idea how long I've wanted this.
                        sexName If it's anywhere close to how long I've wanted it, I have a pretty good idea.
                        sexName Now, show me what you have learned.
                        sexName If you guess the position by the description I give you, I will let you try it with me.
                        sexName This is the last game we play before I let you take the reins.
                        sexName What do you say?
                            sexName What do you say?
                                Me: 	Screw the rules, I want you. I've waited long enough.
                                voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_82f1b1f2.mp3
                                sexName Then take me.
                                Narr:	You require no further permission, and, with uncontrolled lust, you switch your positions.
                                Narr:	Eve is now laying on her back while you are looming over her.
                                Narr:	She doesn't seem to mind that you took charge.
                                Narr:	Teasingly, you rub her pussy lips with your tip before aligning yourself with her entrance.
                                Me: 	Are you ready?
                                Narr:	She doesn't answer, only smiles and nods her head. It's only when you begin to push the head of your dick in, that Eve yells...
                                voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_5c5e5503.mp3
                                sexName FUCK, YOU'RE BIG!
                                Me: 	I'm not even all the way in.
                                sexName S-sorry, I've just never had anyone so — AAH!
                                Narr:	You continue pushing on, causing her to scream in pleasure.
                                voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_219a1072.mp3
                                sexName God, Dennis!
                                Narr:	Only when you find yourself buried within her entirely do you halt your movement, allowing her to adjust.
                                voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_f936222e.mp3
                                sexName You have no idea how much I've missed this!
                                Me: 	(She's so wet.)
                                Me: 	Don't worry, I can tell.
                                Narr:	Finally, you start rocking your hips, setting a steady rhythm that you can tell she enjoys by her insistent moaning.
                                voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_2eed5fa1.mp3
                                sexName Ooooh, Dennis!
                                Me: 	You feel so good, [sexName!t].
                                Narr:	Her long nails dig into your back, clawing at you in pleasure, and you don't mind the slight hint of pain.
                                Me: 	Aaaah, you're driving me wild!
                                Me: 	Yes, [sexName!t].
                                voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_6240d9ff.mp3
                                sexName Good.
                                sexName Now, don't worry, you won't be bored.
                                Narr:	She grabs your member eagerly, stroking along its length while staring deep into your eyes.
                                Me: 	[sexName!ct], how am I supposed to focus like this?
                                sexName You're not.
                                sexName Now.
                                sexName This pose is beloved by women as it allows for deeper penetration, enabling the man to easily rub against the g-spot.
                                Narr:	Her brow arches as she awaits your response.
                                    Narr:	Her brow arches as she awaits your response.
                                        Narr:	Eve smiles as the two of you shift into the position.
                                        Me: 	Are you ready?
                                        Narr:	She doesn't answer, only smiles and nods her head. It's only when you begin to push the head of your dick in, that Eve yells...
                                        voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_5c5e5503.mp3
                                        sexName FUCK, YOU'RE BIG!
                                        Me: 	I'm not even all the way in.
                                        sexName S-sorry, I've just never had anyone so— AAH!
                                        Narr:	You continue pushing on, causing her to scream in pleasure.
                                        voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_219a1072.mp3
                                        sexName God, Dennis!
                                        Narr:	Only when you find yourself buried within her entirely do you halt your movement, allowing her to adjust.
                                        voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_f936222e.mp3
                                        sexName You have no idea how much I've missed this!
                                        Me: 	(She's so wet.)
                                        Me: 	Don't worry, I can tell.
                                        Narr:	Finally, you start rocking your hips, setting a steady rhythm that you can tell she enjoys by her incessant moaning.
                                        voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_2eed5fa1.mp3
                                        sexName Ooooh, Dennis!
                                        Me: 	You feel so good, [sexName!t].
                                sexName Wrong answer, but I'm not going to punish you just because you didn't study your materials.
                                Narr:	Eve's patient hands guide you into position.
                                Me: 	Are you ready?
                                Narr:	She doesn't answer, only smiles and nods her head. It's only when you begin to push the head of your dick in, that Eve yells...
                                voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_5c5e5503.mp3
                                sexName FUCK, YOU'RE BIG!
                                Me: 	I'm not even all the way in.
                                sexName S-sorry, I've just never had anyone so— AAH!
                                Narr:	You continue pushing on, causing her to scream in pleasure.
                                voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_219a1072.mp3
                                sexName God, Dennis!
                                Narr:	Only when you find yourself buried within her entirely do you halt your movement, allowing her to adjust.
                                voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_f936222e.mp3
                                sexName You have no idea how much I've missed this!
                                Me: 	(She's so wet.)
                                Me: 	Don't worry, I can tell.
                                Narr:	Finally, you start rocking your hips, setting a steady rhythm that you can tell she enjoys by her incessant moaning.
                                voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_2eed5fa1.mp3
                                sexName Ooooh, Dennis!
                                Me: 	You feel so good, [sexName!t].
                                sexName Aaah, now— Mmmm—
                                Me: 	Hnnng.
                                sexName N-next— Mmm— Position is the most comfortable position for orally pleasuring— AAh— the woman.
                                    sexName N-next— Mmm— Position is the most comfortable position for orally pleasuring— AAh— the woman.
                                        sexName Oh, god! You're just too good!
                                        Narr:	You pull out of Eve, suddenly, and use your strength to get her into position, your face now buried in her soft and perfectly wet pussy.
                                        Narr:	Wasting time in making a meal out of her is not on your agenda, so your tongue is quick to get to work licking against her most sensitive area.
                                        Me: 	*lick* *lick*
                                        sexName Aaaah, good, veeeery good!
                                        sexName You're driving me wild!
                                        Narr:	You hum in approval against her pussy, which sends even more pleasurable sensations through her.
                                sexName Mmm— Not quite.
                                Narr:	Eve doesn't hesitate to point out your error even when you are dick-deep inside her.
                                Narr:	She gently pulls herself away from you and uses her own body to guide you into the correct position, her pussy now pressing against your face.
                                Narr:	Wasting time in making a meal out of her is not on your agenda, so your tongue is quick to get to work licking against her most sensitive area.
                                Me: 	*lick* *lick*
                                voice:	voice/e10EveSexQuestion1Continuation_2fbf1cd2.mp3
                                sexName Aaaah, good, veeeery good!
                                voice:	voice/e10EveSexQuestion1Continuation_967fb3ff.mp3
                                sexName You're driving me wild!
                                Narr:	You hum in approval against her pussy, which sends even more pleasurable sensations through her.
                                sexName M-Moving on...
                                sexName This is the most primitive position out of the four and it focuses on the male satisfaction...
                                sexName I-I think it's only fair that you— Mmm— That you get some pleasure!
                                Me: 	Oh, don't you worry. I'm getting pleasure.
                                voice:	voice/e10a38nastavak_6240d9ff.mp3
                                sexName Good.
                                    sexName Good.
                                        sexName Well, well, well... Someone really knows their materials.
                                        Me: 	Mhmmm.
                                        Narr:	You flip Eve over, positioning her onto her stomach and quickly plunging your dick back into her.
                                        Narr:	You can barely wait to be inside of her again.
                                        sexName Aaaah!
                                        sexName Fuck me, Dennis!
                                        Narr:	You oblige her quickly, setting a ruthless rhythm.
                                sexName Close, but no.
                                sexName I'd have half a mind not to reward you for missing this one!
                                sexName But, I won't be mean.
                                Narr:	She pulls away from your talented mouth and lays flat on her stomach, lifting her ass into the air.
                                Narr:	You waste little time in plunging your dick back into her.
                                Narr:	You can barely wait to be inside of her again.
                                voice:	voice/e10EveSexQuestion2Continuation_c97caf7d.mp3
                                sexName Aaaah!
                                voice:	voice/e10EveSexQuestion2Continuation_cfa0550a.mp3
                                sexName Fuck me, Dennis!
                                Narr:	You oblige her quickly, setting a ruthless rhythm.
                                sexName And— Aaah!-- Finally... last question.
                                Me: 	Let's hear it, [sexName!t]!
                                sexName Which position requires a stool?!
                                Narr:	But, I won't be mean.Eve is barely containing herself at this point and you don't want to keep her waiting.
                                Narr:	It's time to fully release your animalistic passion for each other.
                                    Narr:	It's time to fully release your animalistic passion for each other.
                                        sexName OH, FUCK YEAH!
                                        Narr:	By now, Eve was getting quite vocal and you answering correctly seemed to only spur her on further.
                                        Narr:	You slip out of her just to get her into the position, ramming into her while standing.
                                        sexName Fuck, fuck, fuck!
                                sexName I don't care, just get inside of me!
                                Narr:	She practically barks out as she slips you out of herself, motioning you into a standing position as she gets onto her stomach.
                                Narr:	You don't need to be told twice to plunge yourself back into her.
                                voice:	voice/e10EveSexQuestion2Continuation_cfa0550a.mp3
                                sexName Fuck, fuck, fuck!
        Eve:	Aaah, Dennis, I'm going to cum!
        Me: 	Hnnng— Me too, [sexName!t]!
        sexName Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop!
        Narr:	You can hear Eve losing her voice because of her incessant moaning, but you are not stopping.
        Narr:	You only increase your tempo as you get ready to cum.
            Narr:	You only increase your tempo as you get ready to cum.
                sexName I want to feel your hot load inside of me as I'm cumming.
                Me: 	Yes, [sexName!t]!
                Narr:	You feel her convulsing around you as she reaches her peak and the added pressure does wonders, sending you over the edge.
                Narr:	You shoot load after load of hot cum into Eve, so much so, that it begins to overflow.
                sexName Mmm, that's it... Good boy.
                sexName You were excellent.
                Me: 	I want to cum all over those beautiful tits of yours, [sexName!t]!
                sexName Aaaah! I'm all yours!
                Narr:	Just as she begins to convulse around your dick, you pull out and spray load after load all over her beautiful chest.
                Narr:	It drips down her nipples and trickles down her breasts.
                voice:	voice/e10EveRoomSexInside_d06aae0d.mp3
                sexName Mmm, that's it... Good boy.
                voice:	voice/e10EveRoomSexInside_08c6f2cd.mp3
                sexName You were excellent.
                Me: 	I want to spray myself all over your ass, like a champagne bottle!
                Eve:	Aah, be my guest!
                Narr:	Just as she begins to convulse around your dick, you pull out and spray load after load all over her plump buttocks.
                Narr:	It drips over her ample mounds.
                voice:	voice/e10EveRoomSexInside_d06aae0d.mp3
                sexName Mmm, that's it... Good boy.
                voice:	voice/e10EveRoomSexInside_08c6f2cd.mp3
                sexName You were excellent.
                sexName You know what I want, Dennis?
                Me: 	Mmm— What?
                sexName I want to feel you inside my asshole!
                sexName I want to feel your hot load all up my tight, little hole!
                Narr:	You love how vulgar she gets when she's close to cumming, you don't think you've ever heard so many profanities come out of her mouth.
                Narr:	You would be a fool not to oblige her.
                Narr:	Pulling out of her, you waste no time in plunging yourself into her ass.
                sexName Oh, FUCK!
                Narr:	You fuck her for a moment or two longer before you feel yourself reaching your peak, the tightness far too much to handle.
                Narr:	It causes you to work at your absolute maximum.
                Narr:	Finally, you shoot load after load of hot cum up her ass.
                Me: 	Fuuuuck, Eve...
                sexName Yes, give it all to me.
                Narr:	When you feel that you are about to finish, you pull out of her — your cum trickling out of her ass as soon as your dick is no longer occupying her tight confines.
        Narr:	Finally, you plop onto the bed next to Eve, completely exhausted.
        Me: 	You seemed to have enjoyed yourself.
        Eve:	I did, it's been a while.
        Me: 	I could tell, you were very tight.
        Eve:	What? And you didn't expect me to be?!
        Me: 	N-no, that's not what I was trying to say—
        Narr:	She bursts into laughter, cutting you off.
        Eve:	Relax, I'm joking.
        Eve:	It's been a while since anyone touched me like that, and besides, I'm pretty sure you're the biggest I've ever had.
        Me: 	I don't care about that, as long as I'm the best you've ever had.
        Narr:	Eve looks at you sultrily, licking her lips lightly.
        Eve:	You most definitely are.
            Eve:	It's just too bad...
            Me: 	What's too bad?
            Eve:	That you didn't listen to me!
            Narr:	She gives you a light smack on your arm, scolding you.
            Eve:	If you weren't so good, your punishment would've been much more severe.
            Me: 	Ah, come on, Eve!
            Me: 	I didn't hear you protest too much.
            Narr:	You offer a cheeky grin to the woman and you can see by the look in her eyes that she can't help but find it endearing.
            Eve:	I'm sure I'll have plenty of time to play with you some more.
        Narr:	It's all you needed to hear to get you in the mood for round two.
        Narr:	But, just as you are about to lean in for another kiss, Eve turns her head, unaware of your intentions.
        Narr:	She is quick to rise, seemingly not out of energy, just yet.
        Eve:	But, as you are well aware, we have work to do.
        Me: 	Work?
        Eve:	Yes... The eclipse?
        Me: 	Oh, you're right!
        Me: 	(Fuck, do I have the energy for that, too?)
        Narr:	The two of you get dressed and leave the room, hand in hand.
        Narr:	You and Eve walk out of her room, still holding hands and giggling like a pair of teenagers.
        Me: 	(Who would've thought this would be so exciting?)
        Me: 	(Maybe because this has been one of my fantasies for a while now...)
        Me: 	(I can't believe I actually fucked Eve.)
        Me: 	(Teenage me would've creamed his pants at the prospect.)
        Narr:	Eve notices you musing something to yourself, especially with the grin that you're sporting.
        Eve:	What are you looking so pensive about?
        Me: 	Nothing, it's just... I never thought my summer would turn out like this.
        Me: 	I didn't even think I would come back to this place.
        Me: 	I won't lie to you, I was pretty annoyed when I got your call.
        Eve:	I can imagine... It wasn't exactly the most appropriate time to call.
        Me: 	(Not to mention, I had just busted a nut before that.)
        Me: 	But I am really thankful you called, Eve.
        Me: 	This summer has been life changing for me.
        Narr:	As you say that, Eve lets out a chuckle, evidently amused by what you just said.
        Eve:	Trust me, as you get older, you will realize that this is just another cog in the machine in the grand scheme of things.
        Eve:	When I was young, every summer was life changing for me, but, as the years go by, life brings you much more memorable things.
        Me: 	Well, until then, allow me to enjoy the small things in life and call them life-changing!
        Narr:	She gives your hand a light squeeze as confirmation, but, when you reach the stairs, you separate.
        Narr:	It's better to not raise any questions.
        Narr:	As soon as you reach the bottom, you see Emily rushing around the house, halting as soon as she catches sight of you two.
        Emily:	There you are!
        Emily:	I was looking all over for you two.
        Emily:	Have you forgotten that we have an eclipse to catch?!
        Narr:	The girl practically radiates excitement and it's intoxicating, in a way.
        Narr:	You got so distracted that you had no time to be excited about this incoming phenomenon.
        Emily:	Where have you two been, anyways?
        Narr:	And, there it is, a question you haven't exactly prepared yourself for.
        Narr:	You already feel the beads of sweat forming on your forehead as Emily's scrutinizing gaze pierces you.
        Narr:	Open your mouth. Say something, anything!
        Narr:	You're being silent for way too long.
        Eve:	Emily, you would not believe the killer migraine that struck me.
        Eve:	Dennis had to help me to my room and then I asked him to wake me up in time for the party.
        Eve:	Had it not been for him, I would've passed out on the couch.
        Narr:	And, just like that, Eve saves you both, effortlessly.
        Me: 	Y-yeah! And Eve's nap inspired me to take one as well. I've been all over the place today.
        Emily:	Uhuh...
        Narr:	There's something about the way she squints while looking at the two of you that tells you she doesn't entirely believe you.
        Narr:	Though, she appears to drop it rather quickly, for there is really no proof that contradicts Eve's earlier statement.
        Emily:	Well, I'm glad you two are well-rested, but Kiara is waiting with the girls at the patio!
        Emily:	And you both know how she gets when she has to wait.
        Me: 	Well then, let's not make her wait any longer!
        Me: 	Let's go.
        Narr:	All three of you begin making your way to the patio.
        Me: 	(Eve looks like she is not in a good mood right now. I better leave her be.)
        Narr:	So, you go to the kitchen and take a seat opposite Emily.
        Narr:	As soon as you do, she looks up from her book.
        Emily:	Oh, hi, Dennis! How was your nap?
        Me: 	Not so good...
        Emily:	Oh no, what's wrong?
        Me: 	Em, I'm having nightmares again. I feel like they're only getting worse.
        Emily:	I'm sorry to hear that, that sounds awful. What do you mean? How are they getting worse?
        Me: 	I'm not sure, but they feel worse.
        Me: 	I feel like I can't close my eyes without seeing some kind of a horror show.
        Emily:	You know, I don't know if you believe in this kind of stuff, but...
        Emily:	Some believe that dreams are messages and they interpret them as such.
        Me: 	Em, I study psychology. That's definitely not how dreams work.
        Emily:	Well, it's not science for sure, but it might help you feel better about your nightmares.
        Me: 	I guess there could be some value there...
        Emily:	It's just for fun! Like, there is a whole section in this book about what different symbols in dreams mean.
        Me: 	Are you gonna predict my future based on what I'm dreaming about?
        Emily:	Haha, I totally could but I feel like we could read about the specific things you dreamed of, like omens.
        Emily:	Maybe even find out what they might mean when put together.
        Narr:	Part of you wants to tell her how ridiculous this is, but the look of excitement on her face makes you want to see this through.
        Me: 	Okay, so how does that work?
        Narr:	Emily plops herself down on the seat next to you and starts flipping through the book she's holding.
        Me: 	Can I see?
        Emily:	No! If you see the meanings in advance, you might embellish the things you saw. You gotta go into this blind.
        Me: 	Um, okay, sure. What do I do then?
        Emily:	Try to remember your dreams as much as you can — like any animals, plants, colors... people you might have seen.
        Me: 	I mean, I kinda already told you some of that.
        Emily:	No, no. We have to go chronologically here.
        Emily:	Tell me how your dream started. What's the first thing you can remember?
        Me: 	Hmm, let me think...
            Me: 	Hmm, let me think...
                Me: 	First thing I remember is my room. I thought I woke up but I was actually still dreaming.
                Emily:	Oh, now I understand why you were so shaken up. It seemed real, right?
                Me: 	Very. I went to check the time but my phone and laptop weren't working.
                Emily:	I doubt there is anything about technology not working in here, but let me see about the room...
                Narr:	Emily starts flipping the pages in her book before reading out loud, finger tracing across the page.
                Emily:	A familiar environment, home, safety... Within it something 'off', something 'wrong'...
                Emily:	Unfamiliar inside the familiar.
                Me: 	Okay, I could have told you that. What does that mean?
                Emily:	Nothing yet, we've only just started.
                Me: 	The first thing I can remember is seeing the sky outside my bedroom window.
                Me: 	It was red. I could tell it was supposed to be the night sky but it was unnaturally red and eerie.
                Emily:	Hm, alright, let me see here.
                Narr:	Emily starts flipping the pages in her book before reading out loud, finger tracing across the page.
                Me: 	I think the red light was coming from the eclipse in the sky. It was like a glowing ring of red in the sky.
                Emily:	Okay, those are two different symbols, actually.
                Emily:	'The color red has deep spiritual and emotional connections.
                Emily:	Yeah, according to this, the color itself has a lot of meanings...
                Emily:	Power, passion, aggression and anger, of course.
                Emily:	I feel like the eclipse is way more significant here.
                Me: 	So, what does the eclipse mean?
                Emily:	Well, let me see...
                Narr:	She flips through the book some more.
                Emily:	Aha! Here.
                Emily:	It says it symbolizes fear, doubt and unresolved problems.
                Me: 	So, all the good things... Great. What would that mean then?
                Emily:	Nothing yet, I need a little more information.
        Emily:	What's the next thing you can remember?
            Emily:	What's the next thing you can remember?
                Me: 	I remember the waterfall... The one the camp was named after, up the hill in the forest?
                Emily:	Yeah, I know, we didn't even go up there this year... What a shame.
                Me: 	Well, after the nightmares, I don't think I want to go.
                Emily:	What happened there in the dream?
                Me: 	It's not about what happened, it's about the damn waterfall turning a glowing red.
                Emily:	Like a lavafall?
                Me: 	Kind of, but, not really. It wasn't lava, it was a glowing, red liquid. How's that for dream symbolism?
                Emily:	Hm, that one might not be in the book but let me see what they do have...
                Narr:	A whole minute passes of Emily flipping through the pages.
                Emily:	Well, a waterfall itself symbolizes letting go of stuff you are holding on to.
                Emily:	Unless, you are drowning under it... Were you drowning under it?
                Me: 	No, no. I wasn't... but I don't think I was letting go of anything either.
                Emily:	Well, one of the alternative meanings is also bringing stuff into your life, so we might be onto something here. 
                Me: 	I remember Stacy. At first, I couldn't even tell if it was her, but it was definitely her.
                Me: 	She was standing outside my window, just staring into space, eyes blank.
                Emily:	That is soooo creepy!
                Me: 	I was more scared for her than for me. She didn't seem to be well.
                Me: 	I called after her, but she didn't answer.
                Me: 	Next thing I know, I'm chasing her through the forest and she doesn't seem to realize I'm there.
                Emily:	That sounds like a scene from a horror movie.
                Me: 	Tell me about it... Do you have anything in your book that matches it?
                Emily:	I am so glad you're getting on board with this! Let me see...
                Narr:	She takes a whole minute to flip through the pages.
                Emily:	See, they have like five different meanings for different things chasing you. We don't need that...
                Emily:	Unless, there was something chasing you and you just didn't realize it.
                Narr:	She glances over the page and you feel the hairs at the back of your neck stand up.
                Emily:	I'm just pulling your leg, don't take me seriously.
                Emily:	It says that if you are the one doing the chasing, it represents your subconscious desire to chase after something you want.
                Me: 	But I didn't chase after Stacy because I 'want' her. I was trying to protect her.
                Emily:	Then, that's your desire; you feel protective of her.
                Me: 	I guess so, though it's not just her I feel protective of, you know?
                Emily:	Khm, yeah... I guess so.
                Narr:	A moment of tense silence passes between you before you decide to break it.
        Me: 	So, do you have an expert opinion on the secret, magical meaning of my dreams?
        Emily:	There are unresolved problems and stress in your life that make you doubt yourself.
        Emily:	You might be feeling like the issues keep piling up, overwhelming you.
        Me: 	Oh. Interesting. I mean I could've told you that myself.
        Me: 	I feel like we have departed from mysticism and dived straight into psychology.
        Emily:	Oh, come on, aren't they one and the same?
        Me: 	...
        Emily:	I'm kidding, come on, lighten up. But they are closer than you'd think.
        Me: 	I know, don't worry. Anyways, I wanted to say...
        Me: 	Thank you, Em.
        Me: 	For the interpretations. I kinda feel better about it all now.
        Emily:	Keep in mind, though, I'm not an expert on dream interpretation. My take could still be way off the mark.
        Me: 	With this stuff...
        Narr:	You tap the book she was reading from.
        Me: 	If it makes you feel better, isn't that the whole point?
        Emily:	You do have a point there. I'd say so, yeah.
        Me: 	You should totally do an interpretation like this one with Stacy. I feel like it would calm her down.
        Me: 	Also, she is all about this mystical symbolism stuff. She'd be all over it.
        Emily:	Ooh, that's actually a great idea. I'll ask her about it later.
        Narr:	Her sentence catches you off guard for a second.
        Me: 	Later? Hm. You usually run off as soon as a good idea strikes you...
        Emily:	Do I? I don't think my attention span is that bad, come on!
        Me: 	No, no. This is atypical of you. When you get an idea you find exciting, you run off to chase it. That used to be a safe bet.
        Me: 	But now, you're saving an idea for later.
        Emily:	Dennis, people change. Why is this such a big deal?
        Me: 	Unless... there is something else preoccupying you right now?
        Narr:	Emily raises an eyebrow, a little confused.
        Emily:	What exactly are you getting at?
        Me: 	Wait, I'll get there.
        Me: 	I find it hard to believe that this book is preoccupying you that much considering you put it down as soon as I sat down.
        Emily:	Since when did you become Sherlock Holmes? Now I wanna hear where you're going with this.
        Me: 	What I am thinking is... you are up to something.
        Emily:	That's ridiculous, what would I be up to?
        Narr:	Attempting to seem innocent, the tone in her voice proves your theory correct.
        Narr:	You lean in closer to her. She doesn't move an inch.
        Me: 	Em, come on. Spill it.
        Narr:	You are probing at her blind, but now you know she's hiding something.
        Narr:	And, to your surprise, Emily is beet-red in the face and flustered.
        Emily:	Damn it, I can see why you make a good therapist. How did you read me that well?
        Me: 	It's my future job, I have to be able to do that.
        Me: 	(I was literally just teasing her but now I'm scared.)
        Me: 	Do you wanna tell me what's going on with you or not?
        Narr:	She seems hesitant for a moment but then she leans over and whispers in your ear.
        Emily:	I'll tell you if you come to my room with me.
        Narr:	Now you're the one who's flustered.
        Me: 	Uhm, sure... I don't know if I should be scared or not.
        Narr:	She takes you by the hand and leads you out of the kitchen.
        Emily:	Oh, don't be scared. Trust me.
        Narr:	She smiles and you let her lead you up the stairs.
        Me: 	If you are about to murder me, remember, there are witnesses all around...
        Emily:	Haha, like I would do it in my own room, come on!
        Me: 	This is really not giving me much confidence, you know?
        Emily:	Shush, I'll explain, I just don't want anyone to overhear me.
        Me: 	Oh, okay, this is getting interesting.
        Narr:	You enter Emily's room together. You instinctively scan it to find any irregularities.
        Me: 	(No, everything seems normal. Maybe I'm just paranoid.)
        Narr:	Emily takes a seat on her bed and you sit next to her.
        Emily:	Yeah, I really didn't want to have this conversation downstairs because it's kind of... embarrassing.
        Me: 	It's okay, you can tell me anything. I won't judge.
        Emily:	Thank you, but I feel really stupid about it and a part of me wanted to just never mention it again.
        Narr:	She takes a deep breath in and out before speaking again.
            Narr:	Emily leans back onto her propped arms, legs crossing as she gazes at you with those doe eyes of hers.
            Narr:	A hint of shyness present within them.
            Narr:	Something is holding her back... That much you can tell, but you just can't put your finger on it.
            Me: 	Em, come on. Talk to me.
            Narr:	She looks away, eyes nervously darting across the room.
            Narr:	Finally, she takes a deep breath and sighs.
            Emily:	I'm not sure that I can, Dennis.
            Emily:	Sorry for dragging you all the way up here. I really thought I could say it.
            Emily:	But, I guess I really am just a tease in the end!
            Narr:	She smiles sheepishly, but you are not about to let her get away with it so easily.
            Me: 	I'm done playing games, Em.
            Me: 	I won our bet. So, for my prize, I demand that you tell me!
            Emily:	W-What?!
            Me: 	You heard me.
            Emily:	I didn't think you would use it for something like this...
            Me: 	I'm tired of the back-and-forth. I just want you to be upfront with me.
            Emily:	Upfront?
            Me: 	Yeah, I'm sick of the games—
            Narr:	Your sentence is interrupted by Emily moving to sit in your lap, your hands instinctively finding their way to her waist.
            Narr:	Emily was never the one to back away from a challenge.
            Narr:	As soon as her clothed crotch makes contact with yours, your member stirs within the confines of your pants.
            Emily:	I'm not a little kid anymore, Dennis, so stop treating me like one.
            Emily:	I want you to look at me the same way you look at the other girls here.
            Narr:	You stare at her speechless. Her green eyes oozing determination.
            Narr:	It is then that you realize, you have really underestimated Emily.
            Narr:	So you pull her into you, her lips crashing against yours.
            Narr:	Emily leans back onto her propped arms, legs crossing as she gazes at you with those doe eyes of hers.
            Narr:	A hint of shyness present within them.
            Emily:	Remember that bet you and I made?
            Me: 	How could I forget? You'll forever remind me how I lost.
            Narr:	That makes her giggle, setting a lighter mood.
            Emily:	I think I figured out what I want for my reward...
            Me: 	Yeah? That took you a while.
            Emily:	Well, good things never come fast.
            Me: 	Heh, you can say that again—
            Narr:	Your sentence is interrupted by Emily moving to sit in your lap, your hands instinctively finding their way to her waist.
            Narr:	As soon as her clothed crotch makes contact with yours, your member stirs within the confines of your pants.
            Narr:	Still, she avoids your gaze almost entirely.
            Emily:	Well... I figured out what I want.
            Me: 	Oh?
            Narr:	Emily takes a deep breath, bracing herself for what she is about to say...
            Emily:	I saw the way you look at the other girls here, Dennis.
            Emily:	I want you to... look at me the same way.
            Emily:	I'm not a little kid anymore, Dennis, so stop treating me like one.
            Narr:	You stare at her speechless, her green eyes oozing pure determination.
            Narr:	It is then that you realize, you have really underestimated Emily.
            Narr:	And so, you pull her into you, her lips crashing against yours.
            Narr:	Emily leans back onto her propped arms, legs crossing as she gazes at you with those doe eyes of hers.
            Narr:	A hint of shyness present within them.
            Emily:	Too bad you didn't take that bet, otherwise this would've been much easier...
            Me: 	Why's that?
            Emily:	Because I'm sure you would've lost and then you would have had to do whatever I wanted!
            Narr:	That makes you chuckle.
            Me: 	Oh, you're certainly cocky.
            Me: 	Come on, Em, talk to me.
            Emily:	I'm not sure that I can, Dennis.
            Emily:	Sorry for dragging you all the way up here. I really thought I could say it.
            Emily:	But, I guess I really am just a tease in the end!
            Narr:	She smiles sheepishly, but you are not about to let her get away with it so easily.
            Me: 	I'm done playing games.
            Emily:	W-What?!
            Me: 	You heard me.
            Me: 	I'm tired of the back-and-forth, I just want you to be upfront with me.
            Emily:	Upfront?
            Me: 	Yeah, I'm sick of the games—
            Narr:	Your sentence is interrupted by Emily moving to sit in your lap, your hands instinctively finding their way on her waist.
            Narr:	Emily was never the one to back away from a challenge.
            Narr:	As soon as her clothed crotch makes contact with yours, your member stirs within the confines of your pants.
            Emily:	I'm not a little kid anymore, Dennis, so stop treating me like one.
            Emily:	I want you to look at me the same way you look at the other girls here.
            Narr:	You stare at her speechless, her green eyes oozing determination.
            Narr:	It is then that you realize, you have really underestimated Emily.
            Narr:	And so, you pull her into you, her lips crashing against yours.
        Narr:	Your hands find their way to her perfect, round buttcheeks, now resting on your lap.
        Narr:	She breaks away from you for just a moment.
        Emily:	You really took your sweet time today. Do you get off on making me wait?
        Me: 	Haha, not necessarily, it was just one of those days...
        Emily:	Well, I'm glad you're here now.
        Narr:	She kisses you again, her body clinging closer to yours, like she's scared you might slip away if she doesn't hold on tight enough.
        Me: 	Hey, don't worry, I'm not going anywhere.
        Emily:	Promise?
        Me: 	Yes, don't worry. I'm all yours...
        Narr:	She lays soft kisses on the side of your neck, ever so slowly. Then she whispers into your ear...
        Emily:	Don't worry, I'll make it worth your while.
        Narr:	You continue making out, the warmth of her body against yours feels euphoric.
        Narr:	You can feel your bulge growing. You can't help it; Emily is sitting right on top of it.
        Narr:	You can feel it poking her, eliciting an obvious response as she slowly begins to move her hips, rubbing herself against it.
        Me: 	(This is really happening!)
        Narr:	After a few minutes of passionate kissing; you are rock hard. Although, she doesn't seem to be in any hurry.
        Emily:	Can you give me just a second? I need to use the bathroom real quick, I'll be right back...
        Me: 	Of course, take your time.
        Narr:	Before she leaves the room, she turns back to you.
        Emily:	I promise I'll make it up to you.
        Me: 	I am not moving a god damn inch, don't worry.
        Narr:	And, with that, she leaves the room and you are left out of breath on her bed, waiting for her to return.
        Narr:	You sit in silence for a moment, anticipating what will happen next.
        Narr:	You can feel your package getting uncomfortable in your pants and you have half a mind to whip it out and relieve yourself a little.
        Me: 	(Hope she doesn't take long... I'm really sick of all her teasing.)
        Narr:	You shift your weight and spread your legs a little to relieve the pressure but it doesn't help much.
        Narr:	Just as your thoughts are turning desperate, the door to the room swings open.
        Narr:	And there stands Emily, the mere sight of her drives you crazy.
        Narr:	She closes the door behind her and turns the key in the lock.
        Emily:	I just don't want anyone interrupting us again.
        Narr:	You get up from the bed and get so close to her that you can feel her breath picking up speed.
        Me: 	Not a chance in hell. You'll have my undivided attention.
        Narr:	She blushes and puts her arms around your neck. You lean in and kiss her.
        Narr:	You can feel her tongue slipping inside your mouth, finding yours. Her hands slide across your body.
        Narr:	Inseparable, you move to the bed. She sits down on your lap.
        Me: 	It only seems fair that we pick up from where we left off.
        Emily:	Why not? We had a good thing going, don't you think?
        Narr:	Her hands find their way to your waist, unzipping your pants.
        Me: 	Oh, alright. Not wasting any time, huh?
        Emily:	I've waited long enough.
        Me: 	So, what are you doing now, exactly?
        Emily:	You tell me.
            Emily:	You tell me.
                Narr:	She pulls your pants down and takes hold of your dick.
                Narr:	She starts jerking it off, ever so slowly.
                Me: 	Uh... Fuck, Em...
                Me: 	That feels amazing.
                Emily:	We're only getting started.
                Me: 	I do like the sound of that.
                Narr:	She chuckles and continues jerking you off, her eyes fixated on your member.
                Emily:	God, I love how big you are. I've never seen a dick like yours before.
                Me: 	Em, flattery will get you nowhere.
                Me: 	Actions speak louder than words.
                Emily:	Oh, really?
                Narr:	Encouraged by your words, she goes faster, licking your tip, sending pleasure through your whole body.
                Me: 	Oh god, Em, this feels so good.
                Me: 	Mhm, yeah, just like that.
                Emily:	I can't even tell you how wet I am right now...
                Me: 	I would love to feel it.
                Narr:	She stops jerking you off and stands up.
                Narr:	She takes one of your hands and places it in between her legs. She isn't lying; her panties are soaking wet.
                Narr:	She pulls your pants down and takes hold of your dick.
                Emily:	God, I can't get over how big you are.
                Me: 	Em, flattery will get you nowhere.
                Me: 	Actions speak louder than words.
                Emily:	Oh, really?
                Narr:	You want to respond but she starts sucking on your tip, which knocks the words right out of your mouth.
                Me: 	Em, fuck... That feels so good.
                Emily:	I want to make you feel great.
                Narr:	She starts sucking on more and more of your shaft.
                Narr:	If there is a heaven, you are pretty sure it feels like this.
                Narr:	She doesn't slow down, even when you feel her gag a little as you reach the back of her throat.
                Me: 	Damn, take it easy, Em. I don't want you to suffocate.
                Narr:	You can see a smirk on her face as she continues to swallow you whole. It doesn't seem like she has any intention of slowing down.
                Me: 	Mhm, yeah.
                Me: 	Just like that.
                Me: 	Fuck, how are you so good at this?
                Narr:	You lie back down and lose yourself in the sensation.
                Emily:	Mmm...
                Narr:	Finally, she finishes sucking you off and pops you out of her mouth with a devious smile.
                Narr:	You help her up to her feet. Your hands find their way to her hips.
                Me: 	I don't think I could be more in awe of you than I am right now.
                Narr:	She giggles and looks away shyly.
                Narr:	You begin to touch the inside of her thighs, working your way up as she relaxes into your touch.
                Emily:	Mmmm, I'm so wet Dennis...
                Me: 	I wanna feel it.
                Narr:	Your hand finds its way to her panties; the fabric is soaking wet.
                Emily:	Mmmmm...
        Narr:	You start stroking her over her panties. Her warm, wet lips, aching to be touched.
        Emily:	Ahhh.
        Me: 	That feels good, huh?
        Emily:	Yes... it does.
        Narr:	You rub her clit a little and it seems like she's about to lose her mind.
        Narr:	She takes a hold of your hand, gently and with care. It stops you from touching her. You look up at her, a little confused.
        Me: 	What's the matter?
        Narr:	There's a plea in her eyes; an unspoken desire, begging to break free.
        Emily:	I want to feel you inside me, Dennis...
            Emily:	I want to feel you inside me, Dennis...
                Me: 	Your wish is my command.
                Narr:	You throw her on the bed and she doesn't seem to mind.
                Emily:	Wait, let me get this out of the way.
                Narr:	She takes off her panties, undoes her bra and throws them to the side, leaving her completely naked. 
                Narr:	You can't help but admire the sight.
                Me: 	You look like a goddess.
                Narr:	You run your hands over her chest, your fingers stopping over her hardened nipples.
                Emily:	Mmm... That feels so good.
                Narr:	You lean in, taking one in your mouth. You suck on it, much to her enjoyment.
                Emily:	I can't wait to finally feel you...
                Narr:	You chuckle and take the other nipple between your fingers, giving it a gentle rub.
                Narr:	You see her hands grabbing at the bedsheet next to you.
                Emily:	Ahhh, ahhh....
                Narr:	A few seconds later, you feel her legs wrap themselves around your hips.
                Narr:	She starts grinding against your whole length, teasing your cock with her wet pussy. 
                Me: 	And here I was, trying to take it slower, to savor this moment.
                Narr:	You raise your head and look at Emily. You meet her emerald eyes.
                Emily:	Can you blame the girl for being impatient?
                Me: 	I better not keep you waiting then.
                Narr:	You place the tip of your cock in front of her sweet entrance...
                Emily:	Uuuuufffff...
                Narr:	And gently push yourself in. Her eyes widen in delight and a coat of red paints her cheeks.
                Emily:	Ahhh, yes!
                Narr:	You kiss her, your tongue silencing her muffled moans of ecstasy.
                Narr:	She bites her lip; breaking the kiss. Though, her eyes never part from yours.
                Narr:	It is then that you start to thrust into her.
                Emily:	Ahhh, yeah, just like that!
                Narr:	You start thrusting faster, enticed by the sound of her little moans quickening with every single move you make.
                Emily:	Mmm, mmm, mmm.
                Narr:	It's not long before you're shoving your whole length into her. You grab her hips and set a steady rhythm.
                Emily:	Ahhh, ahhh, you feel amazing!
                Narr:	You turn her on her back and get on top.
                Emily:	Mm, I think I like where this is going.
                Narr:	She pulls you closer and kisses your neck, biting it a little. You smirk down at her.
                Me: 	I'll make sure you like it, don't worry.
                Narr:	You spread her thighs to reveal her little, wet pussy waiting for you, impatiently.
                Me: 	Wow, I can't get enough of you...
                Narr:	You don't want to keep her waiting, so you push inside of her and start fucking her again.
                Emily:	Ahhhh, yeah, right there!
                Emily:	Ahhh, mmhhh.
                Narr:	The combination of her hot breath on your neck and her tight, wet pussy, drives you into a frenzy.
                Me: 	Fuck, you feel so good.
                Narr:	She takes your head into her palms and looks at you. You slow down the pace, admiring how beautiful she is.
                Emily:	Uhh, I've waited for this for so long...
                Emily:	You're so hot...
                Narr:	She smiles as she throws her head back, matching the rhythm you've set.
                Narr:	She exposes her delicate, soft neck.
                Narr:	Now it's your turn to bury yourself into it, each kiss eliciting a soft moan.
                Emily:	Ahhh, hmmm...
                Narr:	You pick up the pace, slowly at first, increasing it as you hear Emily's moans quicken.
                Emily:	Uuuuuh, mmmmm...
                Narr:	You keep thrusting into her as she relaxes underneath you, pulling you into a hug.
                Narr:	Nothing can be heard except her moans of pleasure. She whispers into your ear.
                Emily:	Please don't stop!
                Narr:	And, you don't. You continue fucking her; enjoying every second.
                Me: 	Like I would ever want to stop... when you feel this good.
                Emily:	Ahhh, ahhh, ahhh!
                Narr:	Your two bodies almost mesh together, Emily's breathing following yours.
                Emily:	Yes, yes, I'm close Dennis!
                Emily:	Please, please, don't stop!
                Narr:	You go faster and faster, until you feel like you're about to bust.
                Emily:	AHH, AHH, AHHH!
                Me: 	Uhh, I'm cumming.
                    Me: 	Uhh, I'm cumming.
                        Narr:	Emily's big eyes meet yours as you reach the verge of your orgasm.
                        Emily:	Cum inside me...
                        Emily:	I wanna feel it all.
                        Emily:	Please, Dennis...
                        Narr:	You continue thrusting, not breaking eye contact with Emily.
                        Me: 	Agh, fuck!
                        Emily:	Mmmmmmm...
                        Narr:	Emily pulls you into a kiss as you continue unloading into her tight pussy...
                        Narr:	You continue thrusting inside her, right on the edge of orgasm.
                        Emily:	Ahhhh, I'm cumming Dennis!
                        Narr:	You pull out right as both of you climax, spraying your load all over her toned stomach.
                        Narr:	Emily goes limp, exhausted.
                        Emily:	Oh my god...
                        Me: 	Haha, yeah...
                Me: 	Come here...
                Narr:	You pull her toward you and gently take her panties off. She undoes her bra and throws it across the room.
                Emily:	I don't need that either.
                Narr:	You smile as you pull her onto your lap. You can feel the warmth of her wet pussy on your shaft, enticing you.
                Me: 	Oh, the things I want to do to you right now...
                Narr:	She smirks and grabs hold of your dick placing it right between her pussy lips.
                Emily:	Ahhh, you feel so hot, Dennis.
                Narr:	She starts moving the tip across her wetness which seems to please her, but it only teases you.
                Emily:	Can't wait till I feel you inside.
                Me: 	Neither can I.
                Narr:	You pull her into a passionate kiss, your tongues intertwining, telling a tale of deep-seated longing.
                Narr:	She then sits on you and you feel her tight, pussy wrap itself around your cock.
                Emily:	Uuuuuuuuuuuuu...
                Me: 	Shit, Em...
                Narr:	She makes eye contact with you and, with a smile, starts moving her hips up and down.
                Narr:	 Shivers of pleasure climb up your spine.
                Me: 	Fuuck.
                Narr:	You slowly lay back and let her ride you, her hands on your chest anchoring her as you allow her to dictate the pace.
                Emily:	Ahh, ahhh, yeah.
                Narr:	She continues riding you, often pausing just as she's about to reach the tip.
                Narr:	A shiver of pleasure climbs up her spine each time she does so.
                Emily:	It feels so good inside of me! Ahhh!
                Emily:	I need to feel you, whole.
                Me: 	I'll take it slow.
                Narr:	And with your hands on her hips, just like you promised, you slowly push yourself deeper inside Emily.
                Narr:	She blushes as you go deeper, the redness of her face — paired with her smile — makes her look more beautiful than ever.
                Narr:	You sit back and pull Emily into your lap.
                Me: 	I want to have a better look at how gorgeous you are.
                Emily:	Mmmm, I like hearing that...
                Narr:	She positions her wet pussy right on top of your erection. You feel the warmth radiating off of her.
                Narr:	She moves your tip against her lips, slowly inserting it into herself.
                Me: 	Fuck, that feels nice.
                Narr:	She continues to tease your cock a little more, pushing the tip just a bit more inside of her, before she asks:
                Emily:	Mind if I take it for a ride?
                Me: 	Mmh... No, by all means...
                Narr:	She smiles as she sits down and you feel her tight pussy wrap itself around your erection.
                Me: 	Shit, Em...
                Narr:	She makes eye contact with you and starts moving her hips up and down.
                Narr:	Shivers of pleasure climb up your spine.
                Me: 	Fuuck.
                Me: 	You like that?
                Emily:	I can't tell you how much.
                Narr:	You slowly lay back and let her ride you, her hands on your chest anchoring her as you allow her to dictate the pace.
                Narr:	She picks up the rhythm, enjoying herself quite a bit.
                Emily:	Ahhh, ahhh.
                Emily:	You feel so good inside of me! Ahhh!
                Me: 	Take it slow, Em. Don't rush it.
                Narr:	With your hands on her hips, you slow her down before she gets totally overwhelmed by passion.
                Me: 	I want this to last.
                Emily:	Ahh, ahhh, ahhh.
                Narr:	You continue fucking her slowly, savoring each thrust, her juices running down your cock.
                Emily:	It's... it's... Oh my god!
                Narr:	She blushes as you plant yourself deep inside her.
                Narr:	The redness of her face, together with her smile, makes her look more beautiful than ever.
                Narr:	Emily's hands, which are resting on your chest, begin to tremble and you feel her reach her climax.
                Narr:	Her eyes are closed and she's biting her lip, seemingly composing and silencing herself.
                Narr:	Only soft moans can be heard as she's increasing the pace, ramming herself onto your cock.
                Me: 	Emily...
                Narr:	She opens her eyes as you call out her name, still biting her lip.
                Me: 	Are you gonna cum?
                Narr:	There is no response, she knows full well she's gonna let out a scream of passion if she utters even a word.
                Narr:	So, she just nods.
                Narr:	You tighten the grip on her hips and start thrusting your whole length inside of her with increased pace and vigor.
                Narr:	She loses control and starts shaking, feeling your every inch.
                Emily:	Ahhh, yes!
                Emily:	You're gonna make me cum, Dennis!
                Emily:	AHH, AHH, AHHH!
                Narr:	You go faster and faster, until you feel like you're about to bust.
                Me: 	Uhh, I'm cumming!
                    Me: 	Uhh, I'm cumming!
                        Emily:	Don't pull it out, please let me feel it.
                        Narr:	You continue thrusting, right on the edge of orgasm.
                        Me: 	Agh, fuck!
                        Emily:	Mmmmmmm...
                        Narr:	Emily pulls you into a kiss as you continue unloading into her tight pussy...
                        Emily:	I wanna know how you taste, Dennis!
                        Narr:	She swiftly gets off of you and embraces your throbbing cock with her lips.
                        Narr:	You do a few final thrusts, trying to hold onto this feeling as long as possible.
                        Narr:	But, she pushes you over the edge by sucking you off and you unload into her mouth.
                        Me: 	Emily... fuuuuuck...
                        Emily:	Mmmm.
                        Narr:	As you fill her mouth with your hot load, she does her best to swallow it all.
                        Emily:	You taste delicious.
                        Narr:	She gives you a smile and you cannot help admiring how beautiful she is.
                        Narr:	You continue thrusting into her, right on the edge of your orgasm.
                        Emily:	Hmmm, cum for me!
                        Narr:	You pull out right as you climax and your load sprays all over her stomach.
                        Emily:	All of this, just for me?
                        Me: 	Haha, yeah...
                Narr:	You smile as you guide her toward the bed, switching places and turning her around.
                Narr:	She's facing the bed now and slowly grinding her firm little ass against your erection.
                Emily:	What's gonna happen now?
                Narr:	She asks with a slight tremor in her voice, a barely contained excitement.
                Me: 	What do you want to happen?
                Narr:	She's about to give voice to her wants but lets out only a moan as you take off her panties and bury your face in the wetness of her pussy.
                Me: 	You taste heavenly, Em.
                Emily:	Mhmmm.
                Narr:	She takes her bra off and tosses it across the room.
                Narr:	You give her a final, prolonged lick, feeling her shudder and proceed to stand up.
                Narr:	Cupping her perfect breasts, you run your fingers across her delicate nipples.
                Emily:	Ahh, fuck... That feels so good!
                Narr:	She resumes grinding on your erection but now without panties that were preventing you from feeling just how wet she is.
                Narr:	Preventing you from effortlessly sliding inside her.
                Emily:	*Gasps*
                Me: 	Oh, fuuuck...
                Narr:	She arches her back as she feels you entering.
                Emily:	I've wanted this for so long.
                Emily:	You feel so good Dennis.
                Me: 	Em, you're scorching hot.
                Narr:	You take a moment to admire her in this position, her pussy slowly taking more of your length.
                Emily:	Mmmmmmm, uuuuuuuhhh...
                Narr:	She starts moving her hips, slowly lowering herself onto your cock, taking inch by inch.
                Emily:	Mmm... Think I can take you whole?
                Me: 	We'll definitely find out.
                Narr:	She starts pulling herself away, feeling your every inch again, but your hands on her hips suddenly stop her.
                Narr:	You don't see her face, but you bet there's a smile on her lips.
                Narr:	Her legs begin to quiver ever so slightly as you continue doing what she started, pulling out.
                Emily:	Don't do this to me! Please!
                Me: 	Do what Em?
                Narr:	You decide you've teased her enough.
                Me: 	Well, since you asked so nicely...
                Narr:	You bury your cock inside her fully, causing her to scream in ecstasy..
                Emily:	Ahhh, please, please!
                Emily:	Ahhh, ahhhh!
                Emily:	Oh my god, finally...
                Narr:	You go a little faster, picking a steady rhythm.
                Emily:	Yeah, just like that! Ahhhh!
                Me: 	Fuck Em, you feel amazing!
                Emily:	Hmh, *pant* you too...
                Narr:	You turn Emily around, and she instinctively gets on her knees and into position, giving you a full view of her pussy.
                Emily:	I think we want the same thing.
                Narr:	You acknowledge her with a smile as you get behind her.
                Narr:	But not before taking a moment to admire her in this position, so eagerly waiting for you.
                Me: 	I really can't get enough of you Em.
                Emily:	Nor I of you.
                Narr:	With that said, she moves back a bit, her wet entrance inches away from your cock.
                Narr:	As it connects, you slide into her without any effort, the wetness and warmth of her pussy welcoming you.
                Emily:	Uuuuuuuuuhhh...
                Me: 	You're so wet, it's unbelievable.
                Emily:	I've been waiting so long for this.
                Emily:	Ahhh, this feels so gooood!
                Emily:	Ahhh, ahhhh!
                Me: 	Let me make it even better.
                Narr:	You take Emily by the hips and start thrusting, fucking her vigorously.
                Emily:	Yeah, just like that! Ahhhh!
                Me: 	You like that?
                Emily:	Hmh, oh, so much...
                Narr:	Her legs begin to quiver ever so slightly as you continue thrusting into her.
                Emily:	Oh my god...
                Emily:	Yeah, just like that! Ahhhh!
                Me: 	Fuck Em, you feel amazing!
                Emily:	Hmh, *pant* you too...
                Narr:	She turns her head and looks at you, passion burning behind her emerald eyes..
                Emily:	Ahhh, yeah, just like that!
                Narr:	You go harder, savoring every thrust.
                Narr:	She buries her head into the sheet of the bed, biting into it, trying to muffle her screams of joy.
                Emily:	Ahh, ahh, ahh!
                Me: 	Emily...fuuuuuuck...
                Emily:	You're gonna make me cum, Dennis!
                Narr:	You go faster and faster, Emily's rapid breathing and muffled screams making you feel like you're about to bust.
                Me: 	Uh, I'm cumming.
                    Me: 	Uh, I'm cumming.
                        Emily:	Please don't stop!
                        Emily:	I wanna feel you cum inside me...
                        Narr:	You continue thrusting, right on the edge of orgasm.
                        Narr:	You hold out as much as you can, but, as Emily's ass starts shaking from the climax she's having, you unload into her.
                        Me: 	Agh, fuck!
                        Emily:	Aaaaaaaaahhh...
                        Emily:	Oh my god...
                        Narr:	You kiss her lower back as you wait for her twitching to subside.
                        Narr:	You continue thrusting inside her, right on the edge of orgasm.
                        Me: 	*Grunt* I'm gonna cum all over your ass!
                        Emily:	Hmmm, let me feel it on my skin!
                        Narr:	You pull out right as you finish and spray it all over her tiny ass and lower back.
                        Emily:	Oh my god, this feels great.
                        Me: 	It's all because of you Em.
        Emily:	*Yawn* I could literally fall asleep right now...
        Me: 	No, no, you can't. We still have to go to the eclipse party.
        Emily:	Damn it, I want to stay with you here.
        Emily:	I really don't feel like going to that stupid viewing party.
        Me: 	Trust me, me neither. I would much rather stay here with you.
        Me: 	But...
        Me: 	What if we find a way to maybe... sneak away or something?
        Emily:	Pfff, fat chance that we'll manage to pull that off.
        Me: 	You never know, we might just get lucky.
        Narr:	Emily sits up and stretches.
        Emily:	I think this is all the luck we're getting today. We got work to do, let's go.
        Narr:	You prop yourself up by the elbow.
        Me: 	You were the one falling asleep not two seconds ago...
        Emily:	And now I'm the one telling you to put your clothes back on.
        Narr:	She throws your boxers at you and starts putting her own clothes back on.
        Narr:	You and Emily walk out of Emily's room, still holding hands and giggling like you've been getting up to mischief this entire time.
        Me: 	(If anyone had told me that I would be having this type of fun with Emily, I wouldn't have believe them.)
        Me: 	(If I'd known she was this fun, I would've spent more time with her from the start.)
        Me: 	(I still can't believe I actually fucked Emily.)
        Narr:	Emily notices you musing something to yourself, especially with the grin that you have on your face.
        Emily:	Penny for your thoughts?
        Me: 	Nothing, it's just... I never thought my summer would turn out like this.
        Me: 	I didn't even think I would come back to this place.
        Me: 	I won't lie to you, I was pretty annoyed when I got Eve's call.
        Emily:	Yeah, I heard that she woke you up in the middle of the night? She never had great timing!
        Me: 	(Not to mention, I had busted a nut before that.)
        Me: 	But I am really thankful she called, y'know?
        Me: 	This summer has been life changing for me.
        Narr:	Emily giggles in response in that typical Emily fashion that you've grown to love, like she's in on a joke no one else knows.
        Emily:	I know what you mean, Dennis.
        Emily:	I didn't think it would turn out like this...
        Emily:	I never thought I would actually get to hook up with you, I was always just teasing you, not expecting anything!
        Me: 	Yeah, jumping in my lap was very funny...
        Emily:	Hey, it got me what I wanted!
        Narr:	She gives your hand a light squeeze in confirmation, but when you reach the stairs, you separate.
        Narr:	It's better not to raise any questions.
        Narr:	As soon as you reach the bottom, you see Eve pacing the room, musing something to herself, lost deep in thought.
        Narr:	Though, as soon as she notices you, she snaps back to reality.
        Eve:	Dennis, Emily!
        Eve:	Have you forgotten that we have an eclipse to watch?
        Narr:	You would have to be blind to not notice that Eve is not pleased with you two.
        Narr:	You got so distracted that you had no time to be excited about this upcoming phenomenon.
        Eve:	Where have you two been, anyways?
        Narr:	And there it is, the question you haven't exactly prepared yourself for.
        Narr:	You already feel the beads of sweat forming on your forehead as Eve's scrutinizing gaze pierces you.
        Narr:	Open your mouth. Say something, anything!
        Narr:	You're silent for way too long.
        Emily:	Dennis was helping me move the furniture around in my room!
        Emily:	I couldn't have exactly asked one of the girls to help me with it, right?
        Emily:	After that, we got distracted talking about our favorite documentaries.
        Emily:	And as soon as we looked at the clock, we rushed downstairs!
        Narr:	And just like that, Emily saves you both, effortlessly.
        Me: 	Y-yeah! I was going to take a nap, but decided that helping Emily would eliminate any possibility of me oversleeping.
        Eve:	I see...
        Narr:	There's something about the way that she squints while looking at the two of you that tells you she doesn't entirely believe you.
        Narr:	After all, nothing escapes Dr. Eve.
        Narr:	But she appears to drop it rather quickly, for there is really no proof that contradicts Emily's earlier statement.
        Eve:	Kiara is waiting with the girls at the patio.
        Eve:	I have no more strength to listen to any complaints she has about you two.
        Eve:	My head has been killing me all day, and I am drowning in work, so we better hurry before I deflect Kiara's wrath onto you two.
        Me: 	Well, then let's not make her wait any longer!
        Me: 	Let's go.
        Narr:	All three of you begin making your way to the patio.
Narr:	With Eve and Emily in tow, you reach the patio.
Narr:	Kiara is tapping her foot against the ground in annoyance, you can almost see fumes coming out of her ears.
Narr:	As for the girls, you see them conversing.
Narr:	Naomi seems to be deep in explanation of some topic or the other, while the girls are listening to her intently.
Narr:	You can't even hear what it is about before Kiara corners you.
Kiara:	Where the hell have you been?!
Kiara:	We don't exactly have all fucking day, do we?
Me: 	Relax, Kiara, I got a bit sidetracked.
Narr:	You look over your shoulder, neither Eve nor Emily look willing to help you get out of this one.
    Narr:	For a moment, it looks like Kiara will dig into you further, but a sudden thought causes her features to soften.
    Kiara:	Sorry... You've worked hard today, I forgot.
    Kiara:	By the way, thanks for helping me out earlier; I managed to actually get some shut-eye before this eclipse thing.
    Kiara:	Until some insistent thumping woke me up; when I'm gone you should really check the piping in this house.
    Me: 	(Yeah, I don't think it was the piping...)
        Narr:	The most lewd scenes that happened earlier pop into your head, but you don't let it show on your features, or in your pants.
        Narr:	The most lewd scenes that happened earlier pop into your head, but you don't let it show on your features, or in your pants.
    Me: 	Don't worry about it, Kiara.
    Me: 	And hey, I really did get sidetracked, that's my bad; I know everyone is really excited for it.
    Me: 	I'm here now, and we can get this train rolling.
    Kiara:	You know, I wish I could say I'm surprised.
    Kiara:	First, you let me do all the work on my last day, and now, you ALMOST ruined the viewing party for us all.
    Me: 	Sheesh, Kiara, I said I was sorry.
    Kiara:	No, actually, you didn't.
    Narr:	Kiara scoffs, arms folding across her chest as she turns her attention elsewhere. You find yourself at a loss for words at this point.
    Narr:	Sometimes there's no winning with Kiara, and there really is no point in arguing with her about it.
    Narr:	She will cool down, you know she will.
    Narr:	As prone to outbursts as she is, she wouldn't leave camp with bad blood between the two of you.
Belle:	I bet Dennis was just gaming in his room.
Belle:	Or maybe he was doing something else... Something private.
Narr:	Belle licks her lips, and you quickly avert your eyes away from her.
Stacy:	I was hoping you would show up soon, I wanna see the sky painted red!
Naomi:	And Beckett, among other literary geniuses, surely is— 
Naomi:	Hey, are you guys even listening to me?!
Narr:	Violet says nothing, only smiles at you.
Eve:	Now that we're all here, we can get going.
Eve:	Girls, grab as much as you can carry, leave the heavy stuff to Dennis.
Me: 	(Of course...)
Narr:	The girls are quick to get to work, even Emily grabs a basket to carry.
Narr:	In a brilliant showcase of strength, you load yourself up like a mule and head towards the campfire grounds.
Narr:	You hope this will prove to be an interesting event.
Narr:	So you start your little procession to the designated spot for the eclipse viewing party.
Narr:	As you walk at the very back, you see the girls continuing to walk and talk between themselves.
Narr:	You make it past the gazebo and the lake, but, once you reach the campground, Naomi turns towards the first cabin..
Naomi:	I'll be right with you, I want to grab my notebook.
Violet:	Why do you need it now?
Narr:	She answers, already halfway to her cabin.
Naomi:	You never know when inspiration will strike!
Narr:	You are just about to suggest that you all move on before Belle also puts her stuff down and runs off.
Eve:	Belle, where are you going?
Belle:	I also got struck by inspiration, be right back!
Narr:	Eve was just about to say something, but she sighs instead:
Eve:	If anyone else has anything to grab from the cabins, this would be a good time.
Narr:	No one else moves.
Eve:	Alright, let's continue. Dennis, you stay here and wait for those two. I don't want them getting up to anything.
Me: 	You got it, Eve.
Narr:	So you stay back and watch everyone else carry away the party supplies.
Narr:	You take a few steps back and forth, waiting for Naomi and Belle to return.
Narr:	Out of the corner of your eye, you spot something on the dock.
Me: 	(Are those buckets there? Crap, will Eve make me clean the dock again?!)
Me: 	(I didn't do anything out of line...)
Narr:	The sight of Belle coming back from her cabin pulls you out of your thoughts.
Narr:	She seems to be carrying a bottle of something... and looking around a whole lot.
Me: 	Belle, what are you up to?
Belle:	Oh, just got some more party supplies.
Narr:	And so she raises the bottle she's carrying, the label reading 'VODKA
Me: 	If Eve sees that, you will be flying out of this camp ass first...
Belle:	Well, that's why she won't know, right?
Narr:	She raises an eyebrow at you just as you see Naomi coming back in a change of clothes.
Naomi:	Sorry to keep you guys waiting, I just wanted to put on something that's more 'party' and less 'everyday'...
Narr:	And then she spots what Belle is holding and smirks.
Naomi:	Oh, are we smuggling alcohol to the viewing party? How fun!
Belle:	See? Naomi's on board, are you?
    Belle:	See? Naomi's on board, are you?
        Me: 	Sure, I'm on board.
        Belle:	Awesome.
        Narr:	She walks over to the stuff you were carrying and starts digging through it.
        Belle:	Then you won't mind if I slip this in here.
        Me: 	Um, that's not exactly...
        Belle:	You'll be in way less trouble if she finds it with you.
        Me: 	No, she'll fire me, I'll lose my job.
        Belle:	No, you won't. You can always say it's not yours...
        Me: 	Like Eve would ever believe that.
        Naomi:	Oh, I actually think she would, she seems especially fond of you.
        Me: 	Hm... Okay, whatever, we have no time for this, let's go.
        Me: 	Nope, I'm not about to snitch on you, but I want nothing to do with this.
        Belle:	Pff, suit yourself.
        Narr:	She sneaks the bottle in among the supplies she was carrying.
        Belle:	I bet you'll be asking about it by the end of the night.
        Naomi:	I know I will.
        Me: 	Yeah, let's cross that bridge when we get to it.
        Me: 	We need to get going, they're waiting for us.
Narr:	And so, all three of you pick up the supplies and walk further into the woods, toward the eclipse viewing spot.
Narr:	After a while, everyone is finally gathered at the desolate campgrounds.
Narr:	You see the girls are about to drop the things they are carrying.
Me: 	Stop!
Narr:	They all flinch as you yell out, but it's only natural. You don't want to have a repeat of what happened earlier.
Me: 	This is not the best spot to watch the eclipse, don't you think?
Narr:	All of them look at you like you're crazy, until Eve speaks up.
Eve:	He's right actually.
Me: 	There's a clearing not too far from here, we should totally go there.
Me: 	Nothing will block our view of the sky if we watch the eclipse from over there.
Narr:	You can hear the girls groan audibly as they continue to trudge after you.
Narr:	Fortunately, it doesn't take long for you to reach the location in question, and you triumphantly set the baskets down.
Narr:	And you triumphantly set down the baskets you've been carrying.
Me: 	Damn, that was some workout!
Violet:	It will be that much more rewarding to sit and relax while we watch the eclipse!
Eve:	Alright, girls, let's get everything unpacked.
Eve:	There should be some blankets available, as well as snacks.
Eve:	Also, don't forget to each take a pair of eclipse glasses, unless you want to go blind looking at the eclipse.
Narr:	The girls begin rummaging through the things they so diligently carried all the way here.
Narr:	Stacy and Naomi begin spreading the blankets around, debating the best possible positioning.
Narr:	Violet is methodically arranging the snacks and drinks so that they are within everyone's reach.
    Narr:	And Belle... Well, Belle is standing to the side, shifting from foot to foot as she's trying to catch your attention.
    Me: 	(What is she up to now?)
    Narr:	Acting overly casual, she struts over to you.
    Belle:	Hey, Dennis! Let me help you unpack your basket.
    Me: 	That's okay, I—
    Narr:	She completely disregards you and reaches into the basket you were carrying.
    Narr:	You look about, thinking that someone would notice this very sketchy interaction, but everyone seems to be busy at the moment.
    Belle:	Ha, found it.
    Narr:	With a sleight of hand, she pulls the whole vodka bottle out of the basket and walks away with it toward the bushes.
    Me: 	(How is no one seeing this?!)
    Narr:	Sure enough, no one besides you pays any mind to Belle, and she comes back like nothing happened.
    Me: 	(I swear, she could get away with murder, and no one would even notice. How does she do that?)
    Narr:	You sigh with relief now that the bottle is no longer your problem and try to forget all about it.
    Narr:	And Belle... Well, Belle is looking around, active and overly casual.
    Me: 	(That's never good, what is she up to now?)
    Narr:	You consider walking over to her, but decide it would stop her from whatever she's trying to pull, so you watch her.
    Narr:	With a slight of hand, she pulls the drink out of the basket.
    Narr:	Immediately after, she walks away with it toward the bushes.
    Narr:	You look around, expecting someone to notice her waving contraband around, but everyone seems to be busy at the moment.
    Me: 	(How is no one seeing this?!)
    Narr:	No one besides you pays any mind to Belle, and she comes back from the bushes like nothing happened.
    Me: 	(At least now I know where the alcohol is...)
    Narr:	You turn away from Belle, pretending you didn't see anything.
Narr:	You simply observe the scene, thinking how much each of them has grown in these last few days.
Narr:	It's hard to imagine that these are the same girls that first arrived at Red Falls.
    Narr:	Eve passes you by while you are deep in thought. What snaps you out of it is her hand grabbing your crotch.
    Narr:	It catches you off guard, and, when you look at her, she is looking at you over her shoulder, winking at you.
    Me: 	(Damn, I guess our earlier stunt only got her fired up for more.)
    Me: 	(Not that I'm complaining, she is sensational.)
    Narr:	Emily passes you by while you are deep in thought. What snaps you out of it is the brush of her hand against your side.
    Narr:	It catches your attention instantly, and, when you look at her, she is looking at you, a tint of red to her cheeks.
    Me: 	(Damn, I guess our earlier stint left her wanting more.)
    Me: 	(Can't say I don't feel the same, though...)
Narr:	You see Violet finish setting up the food and move toward the other basket in search of the glasses.
Narr:	She is digging through the contents but doesn't seem to be finding them.
Violet:	Uhm, in which basket did you put the glasses exactly?
Eve:	Huh?
Narr:	Eve walks over to check it herself, but just like Violet, her hands come up empty.
Eve:	They should be in that one; are you absolutely sure they're not there?
Violet:	Yeah, I don't think so...
Eve:	Damn it, how could we forget the glasses?!
Eve:	We must have left them in the kitchen while the snacks were being packed.
Me: 	Relax, Eve, I can run to the house and get them, it's not that big of a deal.
Eve:	Alright, if you say so, Kiara could you go with him?
Narr:	Kiara's head jerks in your direction.
Kiara:	Do I have to? I've been running around camp all day, cleaning this and cleaning that.
Kiara:	Can't I just have a break for once?
Me: 	It's alright, Eve, I can handle it alone.
Belle:	I can keep Dennis company!
Narr:	Belle chimes in from the side, and only now do you remember that she is standing there, doing absolutely nothing.
Eve:	However you want, just be quick; we don't want to miss this.
Narr:	You give a stern nod before motioning with your head for Belle to follow you.
Narr:	She practically skips after you as you walk back to the house at a hurried pace.
Belle:	Aren't you glad I'm coming with you, Dennis?
Me: 	Yeah, I feel like it's been a hot minute since we hung out last.
    Belle:	Yeah, not since our last session we haven't.
    Belle:	I missed your company, y'know?
    Me: 	Yeah, I don't doubt it...
        Belle:	But most of all, I missed something else of yours.
        Narr:	The innuendo doesn't miss you. How could you forget?
        Narr:	It sure was a steamy session.
        Me: 	Yeah, I don't doubt that either.
Me: 	Anyways, let's hurry it up. I don't want to face Kiara's wrath again!
Me: 	Or Eve's... I bet she would be really mad if we didn't make it in time.
Belle:	Aye-aye, captain!
Narr:	The two of you quicken your pace as you hurry toward the house.
Narr:	The two of you reach the house, and you hold the door open for Belle to enter.
Belle:	My, my... What a gentleman!
Narr:	She says in a tone that makes it hard to discern if she is serious or not.
Me: 	Yeah, yeah... Look, we're short on time!
Belle:	I know, I know... No messing around.
Narr:	She prances inside, looking around, feigning curiosity.
Belle:	Lovely decoration.
Me: 	Stop pretending like it's your first time here, we both know that's not true!
Belle:	Oops!~
Narr:	Belle presses a pinky to her lip, trying to act as innocent as possible.
Narr:	Fortunately, it won't work on you, you know her too well.
Me: 	Do you remember where Eve said the glasses were?
Belle:	I think she mentioned the kitchen.
Narr:	Before you can do anything, Belle skips to the kitchen and practically beelines for the fridge.
Me: 	I don't think she misplaced them in the fridge, Belle.
Belle:	It's worth checking!
Narr:	You roll your eyes, but some part of you finds her little act endearing.
Narr:	You know she's just stalling because she wants you all to herself.
Narr:	However, there's little time to indulge her at the moment.
Me: 	Look, Eve and Kiara are going to have my head if we're not back on time.
Narr:	You look around the kitchen, opening the drawers but coming up empty handed.
Narr:	Only when you raise your head do you notice that the box with the glasses is right there on the counter.
Me: 	(Sheesh, I must be losing my mind.)
Narr:	You're about to grab the box when you hear Belle rummaging through the fridge.
Me: 	Come on, Belle, we have food at the spot.
Belle:	Strawberries, bananas—my favorite—chocolate aaaaaand... whipped cream.
Narr:	She shakes something within the fridge, probably the can of whipped cream.
Belle:	Tell me, Dennis, what meal does that make?
Me: 	I dunno... A fruit salad?
Belle:	A banana split!
Narr:	She exclaims triumphantly, looking over at you with a devilish grin.
Me: 	You're missing the ice cream.
Narr:	She's up to something. You can tell.
Me: 	I don't like that look you have on your face, Belle.
Belle:	What look?!
Me: 	You know exactly what look I'm talking about.
Belle:	I just wish I had a banana to split me.
Narr:	You suppress a physical reaction to her comment, but you have to admit that it's at least a little bit funny, in all of its banality.
Me: 	Ha ha ha...
Narr:	You feign sarcastic laughter.
Me: 	Come on, we should get going—
Narr:	As you are about to finish your sentence, Belle closes the fridge, and you are met by a sight to behold.
Narr:	She stands there, before you, completely bare chested.
Narr:	Her nipples covered only by whipped cream that you somehow missed her spraying onto herself.
Belle:	Oops, looks like I've gotten dirty.
Belle:	Don't you want to help me clean myself up before we go back?
    Belle:	Don't you want to help me clean myself up before we go back?
        Narr:	As much as you don't want to get in trouble for running late, no man with a heartbeat could resist an offer like this...
        Me: 	Damn it, Belle.
        Narr:	You try to sound like you're tired of her shenanigans, but she knows she's caught your attention now.
        Narr:	Topless, she sits up on the kitchen counter.
        Belle:	Come on, you would only be helping me... out of a pretty sticky situation.
        Narr:	She pouts with exaggeration.
        Narr:	You chuckle and walk over to her, which elicits a victorious smirk from Belle.
        Me: 	You are worse than the devil on my shoulder, Belle.
        Belle:	The devil wishes he was as hot as me, yet I think we have fanbases of a similar size.
        Narr:	You can't help chuckling at her joke.
        Narr:	As you come closer, she spreads her legs, revealing that there are no panties under her skirt. You can't help remarking...
        Me: 	You stole Stacy's move.
        Belle:	Maybe she stole it from me?
        Me: 	Um...
        Belle:	Relax, Dennis, I'm just messing with you, I really don't care.
        Belle:	Unless you make me wait here, whipped cream on my titties...
        Me: 	You really do enjoy giving me heart attacks, huh?
        Narr:	You say that as you grab hold of her waist, pull her close and begin licking the cream off of her right nipple.
        Belle:	Mmm, fuck yes. I gotta keep you on your toes.
        Narr:	As soon as you've cleaned it all off, you lick her bare skin, which she seems to enjoy very much.
        Belle:	Oh, my other nipple feels sooo neglected right now!
        Me: 	Don't worry, I'm on it.
        Narr:	As you switch sides, you continue massaging the right one with your hand.
        Belle:	You're so good at this, ahhh.
        Narr:	You stop only when you are content that you completely cleaned her up.
        Narr:	By the time you do that, Belle's skirt is already off and she's displayed completely naked before you.
        Belle:	Like what you see?
        Me: 	Yes, come on, don't play coy, you know I do.
        Belle:	Good, you're gonna like this even more then.
        Narr:	She proceeds to spray whipped cream all over her pussy, covering it completely.
        Me: 	Damn, can't even see it now, what a shame.
        Belle:	Well, there is a very easy solution to that.
        Belle:	Start eating.
        Narr:	You grab both her knees and lean her back, giving yourself a good angle for the task at hand.
        Narr:	You start licking the cream off, and you know you reached her pussy when she starts moaning in enjoyment.
        Belle:	Ahhh, ahhh, yeah!
        Narr:	You start cleaning the sides of the lips, only occasionally reaching for the middle.
        Belle:	You sly devil...
        Narr:	She rolls her eyes.
        Narr:	You continue slowly licking the cream off her pussy, eventually sucking her clit.
        Belle:	Ooh, yeah, right there...
        Narr:	You now go all in, and you feel her fingers running through your hair while she moans softly.
        Belle:	Mmm, mmm.
        Belle:	Fuck, you are driving me insane here.
        Narr:	You take that as a hint to eat her out faster and faster...
        Belle:	Aahhhh, ahhh.
        Narr:	... And then, you simply stop.
        Belle:	Fuck, you really got me going...
        Narr:	Jarred out of her enjoyment, she is looking you up and down like a hungry predator.
        Belle:	Can you please put your dick in me and fuck me already?
            Belle:	Can you please put your dick in me and fuck me already?
                Narr:	You don't waste any time. You grab her hips and plow your cock into her, deep.
                Belle:	Ahhhh!
                Narr:	It slides inside her seamlessly, her warmth engulfing your throbbing member. You start thrusting.
                Belle:	Ahhhh, yes, fuck me!
                Narr:	You can feel both her arms wrapping around you. She's holding on to you, as you continue to fuck her brains out.
                Belle:	Ahhh, ahhh, ahhh.
                Narr:	You can feel her dragging her nails over your back so hard it's almost painful.
                Belle:	Ahhhh! I'm cumming!
                Narr:	Her legs shake, and you feel her pussy tightening around your cock as you continue to thrust.
                Narr:	Soon, she's leaning back on the counter, catching her breath, and your dick is pulled out, standing as hard as ever.
                Belle:	Oh wow, you didn't cum?!
                Me: 	No, not yet.
                Narr:	She smirks at you. She seems genuinely impressed.
                Belle:	Stick it in my ass, then.
                Narr:	You grab her by one arm and turn her around, which she takes in stride.
                Belle:	Oh yeah, now we're talking!
                Narr:	She bends over the kitchen counter, sticking her ass up.
                Belle:	Put it in me! I need your cock, Dennis!
                Narr:	It slides inside her seamlessly, her warmth engulfing your throbbing member. You start thrusting.
                voice:	voice/e10BelleSexKitchenFrontPose_16994b6f.mp3
                Belle:	Ahhhh, yes, fuck me!
                voice:	voice/e10a75nastavak_2878391a.mp3
                Belle:	Ahhh, ahhh, ahhh.
                voice:	voice/e10a75nastavak_54ff4e42.mp3
                Belle:	Ahhhh! I'm cumming!
                Narr:	Her legs shake, and you feel her pussy tightening around your cock as you continue to thrust.
                Narr:	Soon, she's lying on the counter, catching her breath, and you pull out, your dick still standing as hard as ever.
                voice:	voice/e10a75nastavak_fe52a57a.mp3
                Belle:	Oh wow, you didn't cum?!
                Me: 	No, not yet.
                Narr:	She turns around and smirks at you. She seems genuinely impressed.
                voice:	voice/e10a75nastavak_00f2fc90.mp3
                Belle:	Stick it in my ass, then.
        Belle:	You have good endurance, why wouldn't I take advantage of that?
        Me: 	You want it in your ass?
        Belle:	You heard me.
        Narr:	With that, she bends over the counter; she takes both her hands and spreads herself wide open.
        Belle:	Your dick's all wet from me anyways.
        Me: 	Okay, let me try...
        Narr:	You slowly press your tip against her tight asshole, and it slowly lets you in.
        Narr:	You start thrusting, and your mind is blown by how tight it feels around your cock. You know you won't last long here.
        Belle:	Mmm, yeah that's so good, ahhhh.
        Narr:	You continue fucking her ass, going deeper until you are in all the way, clapping her asscheeks with your pelvis.
        Belle:	Ahhhhh, ahhhh, ahhhh.
        Belle:	Yeah, yeah, just like that! Give it to me.
                Me: 	I'm gonna cum in that ass.
                Belle:	Fuck yes, cum in me!
                Belle:	Ahhhh, yeah.
                Me: 	Uh, I'm close, I'm gonna cum.
                Belle:	Fuck yes, cum all over me!
                voice:	voice/e10BellSexCumInAss_01a6c576.mp3
                Belle:	Ahhhh, yeah.
        Narr:	Without skipping a beat, Belle turns around and smiles at you.
        Belle:	Okay, now we can go back to the party.
        Me: 	You are...
        Me: 	... something else, Belle.
            Narr:	You both hurry to get your clothes back on.
            Me: 	Shit, I hope we didn't take too long. I really don't want to deal with Eve, nor Kiara right now.
            Belle:	Don't worry, if they say anything, I'm gonna cover for you.
            Me: 	Really? What are you planning on saying exactly?
            Belle:	Hmmm, good question.
            Me: 	So?
            Belle:	I don't know yet, I've always been a good improv actress, though.
            Me: 	I do believe you on that one. Doesn't streaming involve a lot of improvisation on the spot?
            Belle:	You're right on the money on that one, yeah.
            Narr:	As you are fully dressed now, you go to grab the box of glasses you actually came in here for.
            Narr:	You turn around to see Belle wiping down the counter you got busy on.
            Me: 	Oh, actually, good thinking there Belle.
            Belle:	Can't leave any evidence behind, can we?
            Narr:	She winks at you, and, soon enough, you both leave the house. Belle seems like she's in a really good mood now.
            Me: 	(I really hope the others don't notice that...)
            Narr:	The two of you begin putting your clothes back on.
            Narr:	Something about Belle looks different than before. She's oddly serious after the act.
            Narr:	However, she doesn't seem sad or particularly upset, in fact, Belle is absolutely content.
            Narr:	Something you haven't had the privilege of witnessing so far.
            Me: 	Belle, are you alright?
            Narr:	You approach her while buckling your pants and adjusting them one more time before placing a concerned hand on one of her shoulders.
            Narr:	Belle doesn't answer you right away.
            Belle:	Actually, Dennis, I'm better than ever.
            Belle:	I've made a decision.
            Me: 	A decision? What decision?
            Narr:	Belle is quiet once again, licking the corner of her lips as she ponders how exactly she should phrase it.
            Belle:	I don't want to have sex anymore.
            Narr:	Your jaw practically drops to the floor. If you had been drinking anything, you would spit it out now.
            Me: 	Excuse me?
            Belle:	I am done with sex.
            Belle:	I'm going to be completely celibate, only video games and bedtime by 9 pm.
            Narr:	She mockingly places her palms together and gives a light, slow bow.
            Me: 	You're fucking with me.
            Belle:	Of course I'm fucking with you!
            Belle:	Well... only partly.
            Me: 	What do you mean?
                Belle:	It's what we talked about earlier today.
                Belle:	It made me realize that...
                Belle:	Well, maybe I've taken my hypersexuality a bit too far.
                Belle:	Y'know, it's hard to admit that—even while it's happening.
                Belle:	For a while, it was the only way I could get attention online, so I tried to reflect that onto real life but...
                Belle:	... the only attention I really got from it all was negative.
                Belle:	I guess I just couldn't perceive it, until now.
                Me: 	Wow, Belle, that is really mature of you.
                Belle:	Hey, if it weren't for you, I never would've realized it.
                Belle:	You helped me realize that I just say these things without even thinking about them, like a reflex.
                Belle:	I don't want to be like that.
                Belle:	I don't want people to avoid me because I make them feel uncomfortable!
                Belle:	Do you know how many female streamers there are on the internet?
                Me: 	A lot, I take it?
                Belle:	Yeah, and you know how many of them are actually good?
                Belle:	By that I mean, they don't use pre-recorded game footage or bots to secure their wins.
                Narr:	You shrug your shoulders, unsure of how to answer. Belle, fortunately, beats you to the punch.
                Belle:	Not many. You see, in the streaming community; if you're a girl, your looks are far more important than your actual skill.
                Belle:	It's why I always felt I had to be better... Hotter... More desirable.
                Belle:	But it all spiraled out of control, I can see that now.
                Belle:	I mean, it got to a point where I'd just say these things without even thinking, and I don't want to be like that anymore.
                Belle:	I don't want people around me to feel uncomfortable.
                Belle:	It will take some work, but I finally made the decision to change and admit that I have a problem.
            Me: 	I won't lie to you, you've been the most difficult patient here!
            Belle:	Hey, I'll take that as a compliment.
            Me: 	But not because you are a bad person, it's because you couldn't admit that you had a problem.
            Belle:	Coming here was a good idea after all.
            Belle:	I'm glad I met you and the rest of the girls.
            Belle:	And Stacy... Especially Stacy.
            Belle:	That's why I decided to focus on myself and just... not have meaningless sex for a little while.
            Belle:	Which is practically celibacy for me, if you want me to be real with you!
            Narr:	The two of you exchange a laugh before you move to pick up the box with the glasses.
            Me: 	I have no doubt you can do it, Belle.
            Me: 	You already crossed the first step—admitting you have a problem.
            Me: 	And Belle... I'm proud of you, I really am.
            Narr:	That catches her off guard a little bit, but she quickly grins back.
            Belle:	Thanks!
            Narr:	Finally, you and Belle leave the house and head back to the campfire grounds.
            Me: 	I hope we aren't too late!
        Narr:	As much as you wish you could indulge her, you are running short on time.
        Me: 	(Damn it, Belle, your timing couldn't be worse if you tried.)
        Me: 	(This time, though, my head is on the line)
        Narr:	Instead of giving her an outright rejection, you plant a single kiss on her cheek as a consolation prize.
        Me: 	Maybe some other time, Belle, you know I'll get in big trouble if we miss this eclipse.
        Narr:	For a moment, the girl pouts.
        Me: 	Come on, the other girls are super excited for this — let's not ruin it for them.
        Narr:	To that, she quickly wipes herself off along with that expression on her face.
        Belle:	I hate to admit it, but you're right.
        Me: 	Keep that idea in mind for next time, though.
        Narr:	That causes her to giggle as she puts her shirt back on.
        Belle:	Oh, I have many more ideas for us for when we're alone.
        Me: 	I don't doubt that, but you always pick the wrong time.
        Narr:	With that, you lift the box off the counter and head toward the door, kicking it open with your foot.
        Belle:	I guess I'll just have to kidnap you!
        Me: 	*Laughs* We'll see about that.
Narr:	By the time you and Belle make it back, everyone's already settled in and chatting among themselves.
Narr:	You feel as if you've just walked in on a party that started without you.
Violet:	Oh, you're back!
    Narr:	You meet Eve's eyes, stomach cramping at the prospect of being questioned about the hold-up.
    Narr:	But Eve simply smiles — loosening the knot in your stomach. An acceptable amount of time seems to have passed after all.
    Eve:	Thank you both for walking all the way back for that; I really appreciate it.
    Narr:	She takes the box from you, passing it to Kiara who begins to hand out glasses.
    Me: 	It was no problem.
    Belle:	Agreed. I needed to take a stroll, anyways. Soo much pent up energy, right MC?
    Narr:	You nearly choke on the breath you take, but Eve doesn't seem to notice.
    Eve:	Then I hope you got it out of your system.
    Eve:	Now, please, help yourselves. The girls did not prepare all this food just for it to go to waste.
    Belle:	Teehee, snacks after a workout are the best!
    Narr:	Without missing a beat, Belle grabs a bowl of snacks and skips over to Stacy where she takes a seat.
    Narr:	Eve greets you with a smile.
    Eve:	Thank you both for walking all the way back for that; I really appreciate it.
    Narr:	She takes the box, passing it to Kiara who begins to hand out glasses.
    Me: 	It was no problem.
    Belle:	Oh, I'm always at your service, Dr. Eve.
    Eve:	That is... very nice of you, Belle. But I don't think more... services will be required.
    Eve:	Now, please, help yourselves. The girls did not prepare all this food just for it to go to waste.
    Belle:	Don't mind if I do!
    Narr:	You take a second, debating where to sit, Belle grabs a bowl of chips and skips over to Stacy where she takes a seat.
Narr:	You help yourself to some potato chips and hummus, plopping down on the empty blanket right next to the food.
Violet:	So, can I ask a question and risk looking dumb?
Eve:	That's nonsense, Violet, we can only learn by asking questions.
Me: 	No such thing as a stupid question, right?
Eve:	Exactly. So, ask away.
Violet:	Why is it called a midnight solar eclipse?
Belle:	Uuuu! That's what I wanted to ask! I mean, it's not even midnight, the sun is just starting to set.
Emily:	Uh, I know this one!
Kiara:	Em, you tried explaining it to me before, and I still don't get it...
Emily:	Okay, I'll try to do it in the most layman's terms possible?
Eve:	Go on, Emily.
Emily:	So, as I understand it, it's definitely a misnomer for this kind of event. It can happen at actual midnight only really far north or south.
Emily:	Like, we're talking North and South Poles.
Narr:	Everyone goes quiet, listening intently to her explanation.
Emily:	It's actually a name for any solar eclipse that happens right as the sun is setting, giving the sky that signature red glow.
Violet:	That makes sense, I mean, it's a cool name.
Emily:	I know, right? It's a pretty rare sight. See how the moon is visible like a shadow next to the setting sun?
Narr:	She points at the horizon, now changing into oranges and reds as the sun begins to set.
Emily:	Soon, the moon will start to eclipse the sun, and it will appear as if the sun has set.
Emily:	The light from the sun will be blocked out by the moon, and the only light that will reach us will be the red glow from the sunset.
Belle:	That sounds so badass. The sky will be glowing red?
Emily:	Kind of. It will look like it's night, but just... redder?
Narr:	Your stomach drops as you recognise that description. That's exactly how your nightmares look like.
Narr:	Your eyes automatically go to Stacy, and you find her staring back at you, terrified.
Emily:	It's actually light refraction; that's why the colors are turning red...
Stacy:	How unholy is it when our only source of life and warmth is covered up? None of you find that disturbing?!
Naomi:	It's literally a natural phenomenon. That's like saying the clouds are unholy and evil because they also cover the sun.
Belle:	She might have a point there, you know?
Stacy:	Clouds are different; they bring rain, which brings life. They don't even stop most of the Sun's light from reaching us.
Stacy:	You can literally get a sunburn on a cloudy day, did you know that?
Naomi:	I still think you're overreacting. Eclipses happen all the time, this is like the third one I've seen.
Stacy:	I've only seen one in my life, but there's something about this midnight one that just feels wrong. It feels different, I am telling you.
Naomi:	Have you considered that you might just be paranoid?
Kiara:	Hey, what the hell, Naomi?!
Violet:	That was kind of mean. Stacy, she didn't mean that.
Stacy:	I'm not paranoid, it just feels wrong! Something is off, I can tell!
Narr:	Eve stands up to calm the situation.
Eve:	Girls, please. There is no need for yelling or judging each other.
Eve:	Naomi, how would you feel if someone called you paranoid for simply having fears?
Naomi:	Not good, I guess.
Eve:	And Stacy, I know you're anxious right now, but you can't take it out on others.
Eve:	Do you want us to go and talk privately about this?
Stacy:	No, there's no need. I'm fine.
Narr:	Eve furrows her brow in concern but decides to let her be.
Eve:	Alright. I am right here if you need me. Now, let's try something fun, shall we?
svi:	*Groans* *Mumbles*
Eve:	We could try sharing some fun stories while we're waiting for the eclipse? Bonus points if they are eclipse related.
Narr:	No one seems too eager to speak first.
Eve:	How about you, Naomi? Any interesting stories about those other eclipses you mentioned?
Naomi:	Hm, yes, actually. I purposely traveled for the last one.
Naomi:	I mean, it was more for the local music festival, but it was organized so it would happen during the eclipse.
Violet:	That sounds nice. Was it fun?
Naomi:	Oh, it was. It was just last year, the whole theme of the festival was around the eclipse, and it was very...
Naomi:	Let's say it's for people who want to look spiritual but know nothing about it.
Stacy:	Everyone wants to be enlightened until they realize there's actual work behind it.
Emily:	I think they just want to look as cool and mysterious as you...
Stacy:	You think I'm cool? That's so sweet of you, Emily.
Naomi:	Hey, I was telling a story over here!
Stacy:	Sorry, feel free to continue.
Naomi:	The story they were celebrating is apparently older than time and spans across a multitude of cultures.
Naomi:	It's about the Sun and Moon being long-lost lovers who are doomed to always chase each other but never unite.
Naomi:	Until there is a solar eclipse, of course.
Kiara:	That sounds so sad.
Naomi:	It sort of is, but when an eclipse comes, it is said that they unite, at least for a short while.
Naomi:	And that every time it happens, a new world is born.
Naomi:	A new world not unlike our own.
Violet:	Aww, that sounds so sweet...
Belle:	So, you were at a music festival celebrating the Sun and the Moon hooking up?
Naomi:	If you want to be simplistic and vulgar about it, sure.
Eve:	I think it's a lovely story. Very romantic.
Eve:	Anyone else feel like telling us a story?
Emily:	Uh, what about the Vikings? They have pretty interesting mythology about it.
Eve:	Perfect, why don't you tell us about it?
Emily:	Their take on the eclipse is less romantic and more... violent, I guess.
Emily:	They believed that all eclipses were caused by two spirits.
Emily:	Two wolf spirits haunting the sky, to be precise. Skoll and Hati.
Emily:	Now, there's no consensus as to which wolf chases which celestial body, but!
Emily:	Skoll's prey, the prey of 'the One who mocks', is referred to using a masculine noun — priest.
Emily:	And, since the Moon, Mani, is said to be male in Norse mythology, I'd say that Skoll's the one chasing the Moon.
Emily:	Hati, on the other hand, 'the One who hates', chases after the bride.
Emily:	Sol, the Sun. Hati getting closer to the Sun was a big deal to the Vikings.
Emily:	They would blow their warhorns and beat their drums in hopes of distracting Hati and allowing the Sun to escape.
Emily:	It always did, of course, but they believed that the day Hati finally swallows the Sun would be the day the apocalypse would begin.
Emily:	Ragnarok. The end of the world.
Narr:	Everyone is really quiet for a moment.
Me: 	That's a little... unsettling.
Stacy:	It sounds way more accurate than Naomi's sappy love story.
Naomi:	Hey, I didn't come up with that. If I had, your jaw would be on the floor right now because of how stunning it would be.
Stacy:	No, I believe you, you're a good storyteller. I just think this story is closer to the truth.
Kiara:	The truth? What do you mean?
Stacy:	My people have their own myths about solar eclipse, but I'm not sure y'all're enlightened enough to hear it.
Naomi:	I'm pretty sure we can all handle a scary story.
Stacy:	It might be a story to you, but it contains knowledge that is sacred.
Belle:	Come on, Stacy, we can handle it! Tell us the story.
Stacy:	Well, alright, but you're listening at your own risk.
Me: 	You know it's gonna be a good horror story if it starts with 'Listen at your own risk'.
Stacy:	As I mentioned before, in the Puncturing Flame, we teach that the Sun is the giver of life for a reason.
Stacy:	There would be no life on Earth without it.
Stacy:	It is the everburning flame, a gift from the Heavenly Phoenix Lotus to all creatures of Earth.
Stacy:	As long as the Sun is watching over us, blessing us with its warmth, the dark Void of the cosmos cannot do us harm.
Emily:	This is surprisingly scientifically accurate, may I chime in.
Stacy:	Of course it is. There is a reason this is one of the fundamental Truths.
Stacy:	Where was I...? Ah, yes, the eclipse.
Stacy:	The Sun watches over us during the day and even at night through the Moon's reflection. No weather can avert its gaze.
Stacy:	Nothing in nature is perfect and a solar eclipse leaves us in a blind spot.
Stacy:	We are, for a short while, not only left in the dark, but also unprotected.
Violet:	Unprotected from what?
Stacy:	The cold, dark Void of the Cosmos. Apeiron.
Stacy:	Just because All came from it, doesn't mean it went away. It is all around us, ever-present.
Stacy:	And, by nature, it seeks to consume and make everything one with itself again.
Stacy:	The Sun, along with every source of light in the Universe, can keep it at bay.
Kiara:	Ohh, is this why you like being near fire so much?
Stacy:	Of course. It's not only sacred but it keeps the Void away, too.
Stacy:	And the eclipse? It will block out our biggest protection from Apeiron.
Stacy:	Our legends say that during a time like this, Aperion gets a chance to finally come and reclaim us all.
Naomi:	Stacy, that sounds terrifying. Now I feel bad for being dismissive of your anxiety.
Stacy:	That's quite alright, you didn't understand, but I hope you understand better now.
Eve:	Thank you for sharing that with us, Stacy.
Stacy:	It's my pleasure to share my knowledge with you all.
    Me: 	Is there anything we can do to make you feel better about all of this?
    Stacy:	It's so sweet of you to ask, Dennis.
    Stacy:	During the other eclipse, when I was with my flock, we huddled together and prayed to H.P.L. to keep us safe.
    Stacy:	Being here with you all feels very similar. You make me feel safe. So, I guess you're already making me feel better.
    Eve:	That is very good to hear.
Narr:	Eventually you lose track of the conversation, choosing to instead focus on the food that is in front of you.
    Narr:	Seeing you dip a chip into a bowl of hummus, Emily approaches you with a smile, taking a seat.
    Me: 	Want a bite?
    Emily:	Nope, I tried it already — but I wanna hear what you have to say.
    Me: 	Does that make me a judge like in those cooking shows?
    Emily:	Depends. Are there other entries?
    Narr:	You both look over the plethora of snacks.
    Me: 	Well...not in this category.
    Narr:	You grab a small piece of carrot and put it over your chip like a sash.
    Me: 	You're a winner, Hummary.
    Narr:	Emily bursts into laughter at your antics, tears gathering in the corners of her eyes.
    Narr:	You laugh with her, not taking your eyes off her for a moment.
    Emily:	How do you even come up with things like that?
    Narr:	You shrug, eating the chip.
    Me: 	Twalwent.
    Narr:	Emily cocks an eyebrow; you clear your throat.
    Me: 	Talent. Natural talent.
    Emily:	I admire that about you.
    Emily:	You somehow always say the right thing, even when it's silly or not what the person wants to hear at the time...
    Emily:	But it's always right. It lightens the mood, gets you thinking... So I guess that it is a natural talent, in a way.
    Narr:	You smile at her words.
    Me: 	Thanks, Em — but I can tell you that it's mostly...experience, I guess.
    Me: 	You just learn that life is easier if you do not take yourself too seriously.
    Me: 	I mean, don't get me wrong, you should be responsible when it comes to the serious stuff, like a job or school. But life in general...
    Me: 	I think we all forget that the most important thing is to enjoy it — and although I'm spewing shit right now, I don't really live by it.
    Emily:	That's really psychologist of you.
    Me: 	*Chuckling* Yeah, it really is.
    Narr:	Silence nestles in the space between you, Emily's eyes study you, lips spreading into a fond smile.
    Emily:	You know, if you were a flower, I think you'd be a gladiolus.
    Me: 	You're...flowerprofiling me? Flowerfiling me? And what's a gladiolus?
    Emily:	I was flowerfiling you, buuut now I've made up my mind — you're definitely a gladiolus, a sword lily.
    Emily:	The name gladiolus means 'little sword' and well, it stems from the fact that its leaves resemble, well, swords a bit.
    Emily:	Gladioli — plural — represent strength and hope... And I think that sums you up pretty well.
    Emily:	You're strong—
    Me: 	You flex your bicep, making her smile.
    Emily:	I meant mentally, like...personality-wise, but sure, that too.
    Emily:	And you well... You give people hope. Your patients, me, Kiara...because you make us feel seen.
    Narr:	Her doe eyes widen slightly as she realizes what she's just said.
    Narr:	Emily looks at the ground, cheeks on fire — you scoot closer, lifting her chin up.
    Me: 	Thank you, Em. That was beautiful — and it means a lot.
    Me: 	I want you to know that...
    Me: 	I'm grateful for you too.
    Narr:	You remove your hand, smiling at the state of her as you turn back to the food, grabbing yet another tortilla to dip in the hummus.
    Narr:	You eat it, enjoying the taste and the crunch.
    Me: 	Oh, and this hummary really is a winner — we did a pretty good job.
    Me: 	If all else fails, maybe we can make a career of it.
    Narr:	You glance at the girls who are continuing their earlier conversation, all except Eve and Emily.
    Me: 	(Seems they don't think the conversation's that interesting...)
    Me: 	(Maybe I could ask one of them to join me, have some "alone" time with her while the rest are doing their thing.)
    Me: 	(Just gotta make my choice now.)
        Me: 	(Just gotta make my choice now.)
            Narr:	You smile at Eve, gesturing at the empty spot beside you; her smile widens at the invitation as she heads towards you.
            Narr:	You steal a glance at Emily; her smile falls from her face as she observes Eve, her big, sad eyes escorting her to you.
            Narr:	Somehow her eyes stumble upon yours, and Emily manages a forced, wistful smile before turning to Violet, who asked her a question.
            Narr:	You shift your attention onto Eve who greets you with a smile.
            Eve:	Are you enjoying the... feast?
            Me: 	Well...a fistful of food, more like. But no, I haven't tried it yet.
            Me: 	I actually wanted to do it with you.
            Me: 	I mean, I don't remember you having so many stress-induced headaches before...
            Me: 	You're doing so much for this camp, Eve for these people, yet you don't really cherish yourself.
            Me: 	It's okay to take a breather once in a while. It's okay to do something for yourself, to recharge.
            Narr:	Eve stares at you, something in her expression changing, as if she's seeing you now for the very first time.
            Eve:	I don't know if I told you this, but your insightfulness and openness are... admirable.
            Eve:	It's something many others in this profession could benefit from, including myself.
            Eve:	Your ability to make people feel seen, to find a way to meet their needs...
            Narr:	She trails off, looking to the side — somehow you feel like she's talking about herself.
            Eve:	I don't think I've ever explicitly stated this, but...
            Eve:	Aside from being a fine person, I think you will make a fine colleague of mine one day.
            Narr:	You place your hand on hers, eyes fixed on hers, studying her microexpressions — the way her lids lift up, her pupils dilate.
            Me: 	Thank you, Eve, that means a lot coming from someone I admire.
            Eve:	Oh?
            Me: 	What? I thought that was obvious.
            Eve:	Well, I had my suspicions, but it is indeed nice to have them confirmed.
            Eve:	Some... other suspicions as well.
            Narr:	She plucks her hand from yours with a knowing smile, reaching for another chip.
            Me: 	Other suspicions?
            Eve:	I'm afraid I cannot discuss anything right now — I am here to enjoy myself.
            Me: 	Touche, Eve, touche.
            Narr:	You smile at her words, reaching for the food yourself.
            Me: 	You didn't tell me what you think about the food.
            Eve:	My compliments to the chef, whoever they are, the paste is just delicious.
            Me: 	Well, the head chef thanks you for the compliments and says you should try his other... meals sometime. I hear they're foodgasmic.
            Eve:	Really? I suppose his restaurant has a Michelin star then?
            Me: 	No. But I can tell he'd really like to get an Evechelin star.
            Eve:	Well, he already has one.
            Narr:	You cheer at her with your chip.
            Me: 	One down, four more to go.
            Narr:	You eat the hummus-dipped chip, enjoying the taste and the crunch.
            Me: 	Damn, we did a pretty good job.
            Me: 	If the camp goes under, maybe we can make a career of it.
            Narr:	Your commitment to this camp told me so much about you as a person, not to mention about your work ethic.
            Narr:	You steal a glance at Eve; her smile falters as her gaze escorts Emily to your side.
            Narr:	She turns to you, offering a small, barely perceptible nod of approval before joining the girls' conversation.
            Narr:	You shift your attention onto Emily who greets you with a bright smile.
            Me: 	Hey there, sous chef. Figured you'd like a front row view of me trying our handiwork.
            Narr:	You scoop the paste with the chip.
            Emily:	Sous chef? I didn't see you do all the blending!
            Emily:	And, just so you know, I think I heard Violet say it's a 'masterpiece'.
            Emily:	And I have to agree, but, yeah, I'd still like to hear you confirm it.
            Me: 	*Chuckles* Does that make me a judge, like in those cooking shows?
            Emily:	Depends. Are there other entries?
            Narr:	You both look over the plethora of snacks.
            Me: 	Well...not in this category.
            Narr:	You grab a small piece of çarrot and put it over your chip like a sash.
            Me: 	You're a winner, Hummary.
            Narr:	Emily bursts into laughter at your antics, tears gathering in the corners of her eyes.
            Narr:	You laugh with her, not taking your eyes off her for a moment.
            Emily:	How do you even come up with things like that?
            Narr:	You shrug, eating the chip.
            Me: 	Twalwent.
            Narr:	Emily cocks an eyebrow; you clear your throat.
            Me: 	Talent. Natural talent.
            Emily:	I admire that about you.
            Emily:	You somehow always say the right thing, even when it's silly or not what the person wants to hear at the time...
            Emily:	But it's always right. It lightens the mood, gets you thinking... So I guess that it is a natural talent, in a way.
            Narr:	You smile at her words.
            Me: 	Thanks, Em — but I can tell you that it's mostly...experience, I guess.
            Me: 	You just learn that life is easier if you do not take yourself too seriously.
            Me: 	I mean, don't get me wrong, you should be responsible when it comes to the serious stuff, like a job or school. But life in general...
            Me: 	I think we all forget that the most important thing is to enjoy it — and although I'm spewing shit right now, I don't really live by it.
            voice:	voice/e10BelleSexCumOnAss_2f294c68.mp3
            Emily:	That's really psychologist of you.
            Me: 	*Chuckling* Yeah, it really is.
            Narr:	Silence nestles in the space between you, Emily's eyes study you, lips spreading into a fond smile.
            voice:	voice/e10BelleSexCumOnAss_9f651511.mp3
            Emily:	You know, if you were a flower, I think you'd be a gladiolus.
            Me: 	You're...flowerprofiling me? Flowerfiling me? And what's a gladiolus?
            voice:	voice/e10BelleSexCumOnAss_051dc8dd.mp3
            Emily:	I was flowerfiling you, buuut now I've made up my mind — you're definitely a gladiolus, a sword lily.
            voice:	voice/e10BelleSexCumOnAss_1f0b4d00.mp3
            Emily:	The name gladiolus means 'little sword' and well, it stems from the fact that its leaves resemble, well, swords a bit.
            voice:	voice/e10BelleSexCumOnAss_d319efdf.mp3
            Emily:	Gladioli — plural — represent strength and hope... And I think that sums you up pretty well.
            voice:	voice/e10BelleSexCumOnAss_a612c226.mp3
            Emily:	You're strong—
            Me: 	You flex your bicep, making her smile.
            voice:	voice/e10BelleSexCumOnAss_22b7089b.mp3
            Emily:	I meant mentally, like...personality-wise, but sure, that too.
            voice:	voice/e10BelleSexCumOnAss_a98fea10.mp3
            Emily:	And you well... You give people hope. Your patients, me, Kiara...because you make us feel seen.
            Narr:	Her doe eyes widen slightly as she realizes what she's just said.
            Narr:	Emily looks at the ground, cheeks on fire — you scoot closer, lifting her chin up.
            Me: 	Thank you, Em. That was beautiful — and it means a lot.
            Me: 	I want you to know that...
            Me: 	I'm grateful for you too.
            Narr:	You remove your hand, smiling at the state of her as you turn back to the food, grabbing yet another tortilla to dip in the hummus.
            Narr:	You eat it, enjoying the taste and the crunch.
            Me: 	Oh, and this hummary really is a winner — we did a pretty good job.
            Me: 	If all else fails, maybe we can make a career of it.
    Narr:	Seeing you pick a spot slightly away from the rest, Eve decides to join you.
    Eve:	Bon appetit.
    Me: 	Thank you, Eve. Would you like some?
    Eve:	Oh, thank you, Dennis. As a matter of fact, I'll take you up on the offer; I hardly had time to eat today.
    Me: 	I figured that was the case, you tend to neglect yourself, put everything first — work, other people. That's not good for you, Eve.
    Narr:	She takes a chip, scooping the dip with it.
    Eve:	Tables seem to have turned — now you're lecturing me.
    Narr:	She chuckles, eating the chip.
    Me: 	I'm not lecturing you. I just wish you'd take better care of yourself.
    Me: 	I mean, I don't remember you having so many stress-induced headaches before.
    Me: 	And I know you're just ignoring the fact that they're a sign of being overworked, but I just...
    Me: 	You're doing so much for this camp, Eve for these people, yet you don't really cherish yourself.
    Me: 	It's okay to take a breather once in a while. It's okay to do something for yourself, to recharge.
    Narr:	Eve stares at you, something in her expression changing, as if she's seeing you now for the very first time.
    Eve:	I don't know if I told you this, but your insightfulness and openness are... admirable.
    Eve:	It's something many others in this profession could benefit from, including myself.
    Eve:	Your ability to make people feel seen, to find a way to meet their needs...
    Narr:	She trails off, looking to the side — somehow you feel like she's talking about herself.
    Eve:	I don't think I've ever explicitly stated this, but...
    Eve:	Aside from being a fine person, I think you will make a fine colleague of mine one day.
    Narr:	You place your hand on hers, eyes fixed on hers, studying her microexpressions — the way her lids lift up, her pupils dilate.
    Me: 	Thank you, Eve, that means a lot coming from someone I admire.
    voice:	voice/e10BelleSexCumOnAss_2d29ca8d.mp3
    Eve:	Oh?
    Me: 	What? I thought that was obvious.
    voice:	voice/e10BelleSexCumOnAss_a1db3011.mp3
    Eve:	Well, I had my suspicions, but it is indeed nice to have them confirmed.
    voice:	voice/e10BelleSexCumOnAss_71d7e082.mp3
    Eve:	Some... other suspicions as well.
    Narr:	She plucks her hand from yours with a knowing smile, reaching for another chip.
    Me: 	Other suspicions?
    voice:	voice/e10BelleSexCumOnAss_6c8ea238.mp3
    Eve:	I'm afraid I cannot discuss anything right now — I am here to enjoy myself.
    Me: 	Touche, Eve, touche.
    Narr:	You smile at her words, reaching for the food yourself.
    Me: 	You didn't tell me what you think about the food.
    voice:	voice/e10BelleSexCumOnAss_4eb8d9ac.mp3
    Eve:	My compliments to the chef, whoever they are, the paste is just delicious.
    Me: 	Well, the head chef thanks you for the compliments and says you should try his other... meals sometime. I hear they're foodgasmic.
    voice:	voice/e10BelleSexCumOnAss_026a6c1a.mp3
    Eve:	Really? I suppose his restaurant has a Michelin star then?
    Me: 	No. But I can tell he'd really like to get an Evechelin star.
    voice:	voice/e10BelleSexCumOnAss_06689a12.mp3
    Eve:	Well, he already has one.
    Narr:	You cheer at her with your chip.
    Me: 	One down, four more to go.
    Narr:	You eat the hummus-dipped chip, enjoying the taste and the crunch.
    Me: 	Damn, we did a pretty good job.
    Me: 	If the camp goes under, maybe we can make a career of it.
Violet:	Guys, look! It's almost time!
Narr:	Everyone turns their attention to the horizon, where the moon is almost covering the setting sun.
Kiara:	Alright, everyone should probably put their glasses on now.
Narr:	No one protests Kiara's warning, after all, who would want to go blind?
Narr:	Unbeknownst to the rest that busy themselves with the glasses...
Narr:	As the eclipse nears its crescendo, Stacy grows more and more uneasy, sneaking glances over her shoulder at the brooding woods.
Narr:	Her eyes wander through the forest, seeking what the rest cannot see.
Narr:	No one. Nothing.
Narr:	Someone. Something.
Stacy:	*Whispering* W-what?
Narr:	As the moon obscures the sun, the girl in the red dress rises silent as the night.
Narr:	Slowly, she heads toward the trees to be swallowed by the darkness.
    Narr:	You are currently preoccupied with more important things.
    Narr:	Raising your head, you direct your gaze to the sky.
    Narr:	You all patiently wait for the celestial event above to unfold in front of you.
    Narr:	It makes you feel awfully small, looking at something so large and rare that won't happen again during your lifetime.
    Narr:	The sun becomes not more than a red crescent around the moon's looming presence.
    Narr:	You find yourself understanding why so many myths and stories are told around this event, both beautiful and terrifying.
    Narr:	You feel a touch on the side of your hand, gentle and barely noticeable.
    Narr:	But it's enough to avert your attention from the eclipse onto Emily, sitting right next to you.
    Narr:	You squeeze her hand in yours, cherishing this moment.
    Narr:	She leans against you, her face close to yours, and you can feel her breath on your skin.
    Emily:	*Whispers* Hey, you.
    Me: 	*Whispers* Everything okay?
    Emily:	Mhmm.
    Narr:	You close the distance and gently kiss her on the lips, her sweet scent overtaking your senses.
    Narr:	You feel Emily's hand slide carefully across your thigh, fingers going ever higher, nearing your crotch.
    Narr:	You look toward the rest, expecting eyes on you, but you find that no one is paying you any mind, too preoccupied with the eclipse to look over their shoulder.
    Narr:	Far too preoccupied to notice yours and Emily's desire.
    Narr:	You place your hand on hers, guiding it to your crotch; she lets out the breath.
    Narr:	Breath, she was holding the moment she feels you over the cloth of your trousers, twitching lightly.
    Narr:	Everyone too preoccupied with the eclipse to look over their shoulder.
    Emily:	*Whispers* Oh.
    Narr:	She studies you, her doe eyes roaming yours, darting toward the girls with alarm... You squeeze her hand.
    Me: 	*Whispers* Hey, we can do whatever you're comfortable with, Em. I just...
    Me: 	Want you. I want to enjoy my time with you.
    Narr:	She purses her lips in her signature playful manner at your confession.
    Narr:	And then strokes your member in response, head turning ever-so-nonchalantly to the eclipse.
    Narr:	You lean back, training your eyes on the girls in front of you, muscles tensing. You run through your repertoire of excuses, but... 
    Me: 	*Pant*
    Narr:	You're not sure whether you would even care to offer them —
    Narr:	Her touch just feels so intoxicating, and the thought of being seen like this, of igniting want in their eyes...
    Narr:	You sense yourself harden.
    Narr:	And the evidence of your pleasure only encourages Emily to continue.
    Narr:	She slides your zipper down, her fingers nimble, touch decisive. Resolute, she slides your pants down and whips your dick out of your pants.
    Me: 	*Whispers* Oh, shit, Emily...
    Narr:	She starts jerking you off.
    Me: 	*Whispers* Oh, fuck...
    Narr:	She looks at you while stroking you, a small smile quivering at the corner of her lips, her cheeks the color of the upcoming eclipse.
    Me: 	(She doesn't care if someone sees.)
    Me: 	(She wants me. She wants me bad.)
    Narr:	After a few more minutes of her pleasuring you, you stop her and lean over, whispering into her ear, ever so quietly. 
    Me: 	*Whisper* Em, would you like to...sneak away with me?
    Narr:	The question gets her giddy; she covers her mouth to suppress a giggle.
    Emily:	*Whisper* We'll have to be really careful...
    Me: 	*Whispers* Careful is my middle name.
    Me: 	*Whispers* You go first. I'll catch up to you in a bit.
    Narr:	Emily nods, already on the move as you pull your pants up.
    Narr:	You keep looking back to see if anyone will take notice of her sneaking away, and, when you see that they're oblivious, you follow her.
    Narr:	Emily is so light on her feet, she doesn't make a sound... You try your best to follow after her just as quietly.
        Narr:	You might be physically bigger, but you follow her with the stealth skills of a secret agent on a mission.
        Narr:	Your retreat into the woods goes entirely unnoticed.
        Narr:	Just as you are about to make your escape, an unfortunately placed branch snaps under your foot.
        Me: 	(God damn it.)
        Narr:	You look back, and there is only one pair of blue eyes staring back at you, covered by glasses.
        Belle:	*Whisper* Dennis, where are you going?
        Me: 	*Whisper* Oh, I just need to use the restroom real quick. Nature calls.
        Belle:	*Whispers* Pff, now? What bad timing.
        Narr:	With a shrug, she pulls down her glasses and turns her gaze back to the sky. Your cover isn't blown after all.
    Narr:	You join Emily among the trees.
    Narr:	You're both laughing like two dumbasses, unable to believe you managed to sneak away.
    Me: 	Well, that was...wow.
    Emily:	I thought we were gonna get caught at some point!
    Me: 	So did I, but I guess our timing was perfect.
    Narr:	You walk deeper into the forest, the eclipse tinting everything in a low red light.
    Narr:	You embrace her again, and you start making out, but she pulls away shortly after you commence.
    Emily:	Do you think they could see us over here?
    Narr:	You look at her, a little confused.
    Me: 	I didn't think you cared, judging by your actions back there.
    Narr:	Emily looks to the side, cascades of honey-colored hair rushing to hide the blush on her face.
    Emily:	I did! It's just that...
    Emily:	You looked like you were enjoying yourself, and I...didn't want to put a stop to that.
    Emily:	I like it here better. We're...safe. Safer.
    Me: 	Aren't you always safe with me?
    Narr:	Emily smiles, playing with the hem of her shirt.
    Emily:	I am! Oh, you know what I meant!
    Narr:	Her reaction elicits a chuckle from you.
    Me: 	No, Em, I really don't.
    Narr:	She smiles, giving you a seductive look.
    Emily:	I meant that we're safe enough...for me to do this.
    Narr:	You suck in a breath — and then you watch her take her clothes off, eyes caressing every inch of newly revealed skin, mesmerized.
    Me: 	Wow, Em, you are...stunning. I'm...literally speechless.
    Emily:	*Giggles* You really know how to make a girl blush.
    Me: 	Come here.
    Narr:	She takes a tentative step toward you, and you pull her into a passionate embrace.
    Narr:	Planting kiss after kiss all over her face, hands caressing her naked skin.
    Narr:	You feel her pull your shirt up all the way to your shoulder blades, so you take it off yourself.
    Emily:	Fuck...you're really hot.
    Me: 	Stealing my lines now?
    Emily:	*Giggle* Oh, shush!
    Me: 	Oh, the things I want to do to you...
    Emily:	Mmmm, yeah?
    Me: 	They'd make Belle blush.
    Narr:	She makes quick work of your belt with a smile, letting it fall to the side and watching your pants slide down on their own.
    Narr:	You start kissing her neck, hungry for more of her.
        Me: 	I had an inkling that a little bit of fingering in the shower wouldn't satisfy you.
        Narr:	She chuckles at this.
        Emily:	Well, you were right. Buuut!
        Emily:	Can you blame me? I've...waited long enough, I think.
        Me: 	You have, yeah.
        Emily:	I-I want the real deal now.
        Narr:	You bite lightly at the skin of her neck; she moans.
        Me: 	You do?
        Emily:	Y-yeah.
        Me: 	Well then, the real deal is what you're gonna get.
        Emily:	Oh Dennis, I just can't get enough of you...
        Narr:	You smirk against her neck.
        Me: 	Well, I'd say that's a good thing — I feel the same way about you.
        Emily:	You do?
        Me: 	I'd be mad if I didn't, Em. As I already said, you're gorgeous.
        Narr:	You continue kissing her, tracing kisses down her neck, sliding your hands down to her ass, grabbing at it.
        Me: 	You're smart...
        Narr:	She gasps at the feel of your erection as you press her harder against you.
        Me: 	You're funny...
        Narr:	She swallows a moan as you nibble at the crook of her neck.
        Emily:	I am...aren't I?
        Narr:	Aaaand humble, she forgot to add.
        Me: 	You're every man's dream, Em. And I want to make you realize that.
    Narr:	Your lips find hers again — her hand pulls at your hair, the other stroking your back, guiding you ever closer.
    Narr:	Your own trace the contours of her toned body, cupping her breasts, fingers running slow circles around her nipples in time with her pants.
    Emily:	Mmm, god...Dennis, you feel so...aaah!
    Me: 	How do I feel, Em? Tell me.
    Narr:	She breaks the kiss, exposing her neck as she throws her head back when you squeeze a hardened bud in between two fingers:
    Narr:	A soft, delicate mewl is your only answer.
    Narr:	You crash your lips against hers, her arms coiling around your neck.
    Narr:	Your hands grow bolder with their touches — they trace her collarbone, fall to her breasts, kneading the soft flesh.
    Narr:	They wander down her abdomen, stopping short of her—
    Emily:	*Gasps*
    Narr:	You smile, guiding her to the ground.
    Narr:	Once you lay her on the grass, you part from her to take her in, kneeling in front of her sprawled form.
    Me: 	God, Emily...
    Emily:	You're staring!
    Me: 	I am. You can't fight psychology.
    Emily:	Wha...
    Narr:	She trails off as your fingers glide across her thigh, shivering with anticipation.
    Narr:	Nimbly, they make their descent to the swell of her clit.
    Me: 	Humans are visual creatures. Psychology says that appreciation of beautiful things gives us pleasure.
    Narr:	You lift her leg with one hand, the other ghosting across the slick of her lips.
    Narr:	You press the head of your cock against her entrance; Emily moans, bucking her hips in pursuit of friction.
    Emily:	Dennis, fuck...
    Me: 	I want to appreciate you, Emily.
    Narr:	You sheath yourself inside her.
    Narr:	Inch by inch she takes you, repeating your name between gasps, only going quiet when she feels your length fill the whole of her up.
    Me: 	Shit, Em, you're so tight...
    Narr:	Beneath you Emily squirms ever so slightly, grinding — no, fucking herself on your cock, hands playing with her breasts.
    Narr:	She whimpers and mewls, her motions losing their subtlety.
    Narr:	Turning reckless with need; glossy-eyed she stares at you, coaxing you — daring you — to fuck her.
    Narr:	Your cock twitches inside her, but you halt her movements, firm hands now cupping the curve of her waist.
    Narr:	Her lips part to utter the meekest of protests... but you never hear them.
    Narr:	Because, the moment you start to thrust, she arches her back off the ground letting out the most pleasurable cry.
    Emily:	Dennis, you're... Aaaah!
    Narr:	You set a steady pace — long deep strokes brushing against her very core.
    Narr:	Savoring the heat of her sex around you, the lewdness of the sounds she makes.
    Narr:	You're utterly transfixed by her: the bounce of her perfect little tits, the flush of her cheeks, the wanton look in her eyes...
    Narr:	You don't even realize that you're picking up the pace, slamming yourself harder, deeper into her sweet pussy...
    Narr:	You don't realize it until she's screaming your name like a victory chant.
    Emily:	Dennis! [m!t]! OHGOD, [m!ut]!
    Narr:	Instinctively, acutely aware of your proximity to the rest, your hand wraps around her throat — her cry turns to splutter in her mouth.
    Narr:	Her green eyes lock with yours — and your deed hits you.
    Narr:	Your hand recoils as if burned, hips halting their movements in alarm.
    Me: 	Shit, Emi—
    Narr:	But her fingers seize your wrist.
    Emily:	N-no...
    Narr:	Emily guides your hand back to the apple of her throat. You study her, searching for cracks in her unwavering eyes.
    Narr:	But you glimpse none...
    Me: 	Emily...are you sure?
    Narr:	She nods, thumb running soothing patterns on your hand.
    Emily:	Y-yeah. I liked it.
    Emily:	I like it like that. With you.
    Narr:	Your fingers press against the stutter of her pulse; instantly, you feel her walls flutter around your cock.
    Me: 	Fuck, Em... What are you doing to me?
    Emily:	I know we don't want them to hear us — I don't — so...I'm being a good girl.
    Narr:	The statement knocks the wind out of you; you stare at her in utter amazement.
    Me: 	You're being... a good girl?
    Narr:	Emily nods.
    Narr:	You take the hint, digging your thumb into her pulse, her body coiling beneath yours.
    Me: 	You don't think that good girls...
    Narr:	You squeeze her waist, bucking your hips forward — she moans.
    Me: 	Behave at all times?
    Emily:	N-not fair! You didn't really squeeze! You did it on purpo—
    Narr:	You tighten your hold, giving her a couple of deep, languid thrusts. Pitiful little sounds fall from her lips.
    Me: 	Seems like it's your after all.
    Me: 	If you really, really want to be a good girl, Em, you have to do better. Can you do that for me, huh? Can you be better?
    Narr:	She nods her head vigorously, her whole body shaking. You smile at her.
    Me: 	Good girl.
    Narr:	 Without further ado, you sink all the way inside her.
    Narr:	And begin pumping in and out of her sweet cunt without inhibition, her whimpers and trembles dictating your rhythm.
    Narr:	Attuned to the changes in the vibrations against the palm of your hand, you adjust the angle of your thrusts every so often...
    Narr:	Just to watch her dance on the edge of orgasm, tears welling in her eyes.
    Narr:	Before changing the choreography, stopping just before she falls off the edge.
    Narr:	Yet this time you feel her chase it, thighs cradling your hips, drawing you closer — deeper.
    Narr:	Her aching core pulsates around you as her hips move to meet your every thrust.
    Narr:	You watch her prop herself on the tips of her toes, head falling back...
    Narr:	But you do not give her the satisfaction.
        Narr:	But you do not give her the satisfaction.
            Narr:	Wordlessly, you pull out and pluck your hand from her throat.
            Narr:	Her eyes shoot open, voice like gravel as you gently raise her.
            Emily:	W-why did you do that?
            Me: 	I think you know why, Em.
            Emily:	But you said I was a good girl! I was a good girl!
            Me: 	Were you? Were you really a good girl?
            Emily:	I was!
            Me: 	Hmmm...
            Narr:	You slide your throbbing erection in between her lips, stopping only when you pin the head of your cock against her clit, rubbing it gently.
            Narr:	Emily leans into you with a gasp, her hips jerking to create more friction.
            Emily:	*Whining* Dennis!
            Me: 	I didn't say you could move, did I?
            Narr:	She cries out in answer:
            Emily:	You're being unfair!
            Me: 	I'm not. You promised, Em — and then you went back on your word. That's not what a good girl does, don't you think?
            Emily:	N-no, it's not.
            Me: 	Glad that we agree. Because I know you want to be a good girl, Em, don't you?
            Narr:	She nods vigorously.
            Emily:	Yes, yes!
            Me: 	Good. 'Cause you only get three strikes — and this?
            Narr:	She mewls when you move again, prodding at her entrance.
            Me: 	This was your second one.
            Narr:	You part from her, standing up.
            Me: 	Get up.
            Narr:	You watch her as she struggles to stand up, feet faltering as her muscles still spasm from the orgasm you denied her.
            Me: 	Turn around.
            Narr:	Emily does as you say — and you pull her to you, sneaking a hand around her waist to steady her.
            Narr:	You part her legs with your own, driving your thigh into her dripping sex.
            Emily:	Mmmmmm!
            Narr:	You press her tighter against you, lifting one of her legs in the process and aligning yourself with her entrance.
            Narr:	You plunge into her, hard and fast, ruthless almost.
            Narr:	Emily cries out, yet feeling your thrusts grow shallow at every increase in volume of her moans, she covers her mouth, gnawing at her lips.
            Narr:	Emily cries out.
            Narr:	Feeling your thrusts grow shallow at every increase in volume of her moans, she covers her mouth, gnawing at her lips.
            Narr:	And to watch the color of the eclipse ripen across the underside of her cheeks.
            Emily:	Dennis, aaaah— you're so...biiig!
            Narr:	You shift inside of her, the tip of your cock ramming into her most sensitive spot.
            Narr:	Your fingers travel from her waist to the heat between her legs, stopping right above her tender clit.
            Narr:	You brush your fingers against the bud, hips unfaltering.
            Narr:	Emily moans so loud you feel its vibrations against your chest as they course through her own.
            Emily:	Aaaaaaah! Dennis, [m!t], m-make me cum!
                Emily:	Aaaaaaah! Dennis, [m!t], m-make me cum!
            Narr:	Wordlessly, you pull out and pluck your hand from her throat.
            Narr:	A cry leaves her lips in a voice like gravel.
            Emily:	N-no...Dennis, I was good...I was goood!
            Narr:	You kiss her head, sneaking a hand around her waist to pull you both to your feet.
            Narr:	Emily falls against you like a rag doll, feet faltering as her muscles still spasm from the orgasms you denied her.
            Me: 	Shhhh, you were, you were. But cumming, Em...
            Narr:	She practically purrs at the mention of the word, pressing her legs together.
            Emily:	I wanna cum...
            Narr:	You lift her leg up, aligning yourself with her entrance.
            Narr:	You dip your tip inside her and grind your hips into hers, her breath hitching in her throat.
            Me: 	I don't think good girls get to decide when they get to cum.
            Emily:	N-no?
            Narr:	You shake your head no.
            Me: 	If you want to cum, Em...
            Me: 	I have to allow it.
            Narr:	You drive into her, hard and fast, ruthless almost.
            Narr:	Emily cries out — loud, reckless — yet feeling your thrusts grow shallow at the increase in volume, she bites the side of her thumb again.
            Narr:	You plunge in and out of her shuddering entrance, drunk on the sound of your groin slapping against her skin.
            Narr:	You slam your body ever harder into hers.
            Narr:	And to watch the color of the eclipse ripen across her stinging cheeks.
            Narr:	You shift inside of her, the tip of your cock ramming into her most sensitive spot as she writhes in your arms.
            Emily:	Aaaaaah! Ohmygod, s-so... Aaaah!
            Narr:	Your fingers travel from her waist to the heat between her legs, stopping right above her tender clit.
            Emily:	Aaaaaaah! Dennis, [m!t], I'm gonna—!
            Narr:	You brush your fingers against the bud, hips unfaltering.
            Narr:	Emily moans so loud you feel its vibrations against your chest as they course through her own.
            Me: 	W-what did we say, Em? What did we say?
            Narr:	You fuck yourself up into her, feeling her muscles tauten; Emily's eyes seek yours.
            Emily:	Dennis ...Can I cum? Can I cum, please?
                Emily:	Dennis ...Can I cum? Can I cum, please?
            Narr:	You kiss her hard, her muffled yelps lingering on your lips as you slowly release the grasp on her throat.
            Narr:	You pull out just as slowly, resting the warm tip of your twitching cock against her swollen entrance, teasing her.
            Narr:	You break the kiss and Emily speaks, voice hoarse from all the suppressed screams.
            Emily:	Mmmm, why did you stop? Wasn't I...Wasn't I a good girl?
            Narr:	You brush her cheek with your thumb.
            Me: 	Were you really a good girl, Em?
            Emily:	I was!
            Me: 	Hmmm...
            Narr:	You jerk your hips forward, careful to slide your erection through her slick folds.
            Narr:	You withdraw from her and watch her draw herself closer to your groin, seeking to feel you.
            Me: 	Didn't we say that good girls obey?
            Emily:	*Whining* But I did obey!
            Me: 	Did I say you could move just now?
            Emily:	You're no fair!
            Me: 	I'm no fair? You made a promise Em — and then you went back on your word. That's not what a good girl does, don't you think?
            Narr:	You rock your hips, thrusting your member through her folds all the way to her throbbing clit.
            Emily:	Aaaaah! N-no, it's not!
            Me: 	And you want to be a good girl, don't you?
            Narr:	She nods vigorously.
            Me: 	Then stand up.
            Narr:	You move away from her and sit on the grass. You watch her as she struggles to stand, legs still quivering with the orgasm you denied her.
            Me: 	Now be a good girl — turn around and crouch.
            Emily:	Is this good?
            Narr:	You move your hips, sliding your cock snuggly between her tight cheeks.
            Me: 	Fuck, Emily...
            Narr:	Emily moves with you, her entire body trembling, your member falling from your sheath as her movements grow sloppier.
            Narr:	It does not escape you how she oh-so-inconspicuously rocks against your head on the way up.
            Narr:	The warmth of her pussy so excruciatingly inviting.
            Narr:	But you want to savor this.
            Narr:	So you bend your wrist, giving her ass a quick, light swat.
            Emily:	Aaah!
            Me: 	Move.
            Narr:	You hit her again, enjoying her little yelps.
            Narr:	Reluctant, she positions your cock in between her cheeks, sliding herself up and down — but the pattern persists.
            Narr:	Emily falters on the way up, allowing your member to fall against her entrance.
            Narr:	You swing harder, fingers striking the fullest portion of her ass, leaving a kiss of red in their wake.
            Emily:	AAAH!
            Narr:	You whip the same spot — once, twice, thrice — until her legs begin to shake, her wetness gushing out, dripping on your cock.
            Emily:	N-no more, Dennis !
            Me: 	(Wow...looks like she could cum from just spanking. But where's the fun in that?
            Narr:	You stroke the crimson flesh, giving it a light tap before you utter:
            Me: 	Such a good girl.
            Narr:	And bury yourself inside her.
            Narr:	Your fingers wrap around her throat, pulling her to the ground with you.
            Narr:	You begin pumping in and out of her, your movements strangely controlled, letting her walls mold to the shape of you...
            Narr:	Letting Emily commit every vein, every little piece of your texture to memory.
            Emily:	Yes, ohmygod, yes!
            Narr:	You squeeze her throat tighter, rolling your hips into her.
            Narr:	Arching them to reach ever deeper, where her constant writhing tells you she needs you the most.
            Narr:	You feel her thready moans fan across your face the moment you cock strokes her favorite spot.
            Emily:	S-so...big...Dennis ...so good...
            Narr:	You anchor yourself to the feeling of her skin on yours.
            Narr:	Her fluttering heat, the vicious slaps of skin against skin as you power into her aching pussy.
            Emily:	Aaaaaaah! [m!ut], [m!ut], make me cum—!
            Narr:	You feel her body tense.
            Narr:	You...
                Narr:	You...
            Narr:	You pull out of her, resting the warm tip of your twitching cock against her swollen entrance.
            Narr:	Teasing her as you draw her closer, flesh against flesh.
            Narr:	Emily's voice comes hoarse, gritty from all the suppressed screams.
            Emily:	N-no... Why did you stop? Wasn't I...Wasn't I a good girl?
            Narr:	You trail soft kisses down her neck as you lower you both to the ground.
            Emily:	I was good... I know I was a good girl...
            Narr:	You rub soothing circles on her stomach, burying your head in the crook of her neck.
            Me: 	Shhhh, you were, you were. But cumming, Em...
            Narr:	She practically purrs at the mention of the word, pressing her legs together — but your hands move to hold them apart.
            Emily:	*Whining* I wanna cum...
            Me: 	I know, I know...
            Narr:	Your fingers trail down her quivering thighs, ghosting over her throbbing core; Emily jerks at the feathery sensation.
            Me: 	I don't think good girls get to decide when they get to cum.
            Emily:	N-no?
            Narr:	You shake your head no, one hand rising to latch at her throat, your hold on it tightening as she begins to rock against your fingers.
            Me: 	If you want to cum, Em...
            Narr:	You pull her to the ground with you, positioning your cock at her hungry hole.
            Me: 	I have to allow it.
            Narr:	You bury yourself inside her.
            Narr:	You begin pumping in and out of her, your movements strangely controlled, letting her walls mold to the shape of you...
            Narr:	Letting Emily commit every vein, every little piece of your texture to memory.
            Emily:	Yes, ohmygod, yes!
            Narr:	You squeeze her throat tighter, rolling your hips into her.
            Narr:	Arching them to reach ever deeper, where her constant writhing tells you she needs you the most.
            Narr:	You feel her thready moans fan across your face the moment you cock strokes her favorite spot.
            Emily:	S-so...big...Dennis...so good...
            Narr:	You anchor yourself to the feeling of her skin on yours.
            Narr:	Her fluttering heat, the vicious slaps of skin against skin as you power into her aching pussy.
            Emily:	I'm gonna... Dennis, I'm gonna...
            Narr:	You stop for a split second, buried so deep inside her, before moving again.
            Narr:	Emily moans so loud you feel its vibrations against your chest as they course through her own.
                Narr:	You stop for a split second, buried so deep inside her, before moving again; Emily moans so loud you feel its vibrations against your chest as they course through her own.
    Emily:	Dennis...Can I cum? Can I cum...please? Pretty please...
        Narr:	You let go of her leg, grabbing her hips and guiding her to the ground, onto her hands and knees.
        Narr:	You flip you both to the side, steadying Emily and helping her onto her hands and knees.
    Emily:	Aaaaaaaaaaah!
    Emily:	CanIcum? PLEASE, can I cuuum?
    Narr:	Your pace inadvertently quickens at her words, setting off an avalanche of shudders that wrecks through her body, pulses in her very core.
    Me: 	Cum for me, Em, cum for me.
    Narr:	Emily whimpers.
    Narr:	Disjointed words bubbling out of her mouth in a useless stream as she violently clamps around you before falling limp in your arms.
    Me: 	Fuuck, Em, fuck!
    Narr:	You lose yourself in the feel of her sex post-orgasm, mindlessly crashing yourself into her, unresponsive to anything but her pretty cries.
    Emily:	Aaaah, Dennis! Aaaaaah!
    Me: 	Such a good girl... feels so good.
    Narr:	The stimulation grows too torturous to bear it.
            Me: 	I'm gonna cum inside you, Em.
            Narr:	She clenches around you, moving to meet your thrusts.
            Emily:	F-fuck! Cum inside me!
            Narr:	Groaning, you rut inside her, feeling the orgasm prang into you like a crash test car; Emily gasps as she feels your hips stutter, unloading into her.
            Me: 	Fuck...
            Narr:	You grab her hips, pulling her toward you, urging her to take all of you as her walls clamp around you.
            Emily:	Aaaaaah...
            Me: 	Fuck, Em...fuck... Take it...like a good girl.
            Me: 	Take it...
            Narr:	Your body shudders one last time as you shoot yet another load, filling her to the brim.
            Narr:	Your eyes glide to her pussy, lips spreading into a smile at the sight.
            Me: 	Such a good girl, Em. You were such a good girl for me.
            Narr:	Groaning, you rut inside her, feeling the orgasm prang into you like a crash test car.
            Narr:	Emily gasps as she feels you pull out of her, spurting streaks of hot semen over her ass.
            Emily:	Mmmmm!
            Me: 	Fuck...
            Narr:	You yank her closer, jerking yourself off.
            Me: 	Be still for me, Em... Be still...
            Narr:	You heave as you watch your loads trickle down the firm curve of her ass.
            Me: 	Such a good girl, Em. You were such a good girl for me.
    Narr:	She gives you a weak smile as you pull her by the hand to sprawl on the ground with you, chests still heaving.
    Narr:	You lay there in silence, relishing the bliss of your orgasms, limbs intertwined.
    Narr:	The release that just washed over you was unlike anything you've ever experienced before.
    Narr:	It was mind-blowing, earth-shattering, by far the best orgasm you've ever managed to achieve.
    Narr:	One look at Emily tells you that she feels the same; her chest heaving with residue excitement, her breathing yet to slow down.
    Narr:	You can't help thinking how beautiful she looks beneath this eclipse, so much so that looking at the sun seems like a waste of your time.
    Narr:	The only thing you want to look at right now is Emily.
    Emily:	What's with that look?
    Narr:	She quips at you in that standard teasing tone of hers.
    Emily:	Do I have something on my face?!
    Me: 	No... Not at all.
    Emily:	Then why do you have that dopey expression on your face.
    Narr:	You laugh. 'Dopey' is not how you would've described yourself.
    Me: 	What? I just think you look very pretty like this.
    Emily:	Like what? In a state of post-orgasmic bliss?
    Me: 	No— I mean, yes! Of course!
    Me: 	I was just thinking more along the lines of... in this particular lighting.
    Emily:	Oh, shush.
    Emily:	I can't believe the girls didn't hear us.
    Emily:	How do you think they would've reacted to...us?
    Me: 	I bet Belle would have sat herself over there and watched...
    Emily:	Yeah, but think about Kiara and the rest of them... Oh god, I don't even want to think about what Eve's face would've looked like!
    Me: 	I think that we'd both have gotten fired on the spot.
    Emily:	Hey, I know I would've, but I'm not so sure about you...
    Me: 	What do you mean?
    Emily:	Well, you're the golden boy. I thought you already knew that.
    Me: 	Hah, I assure you I'm anything but golden... Maybe more copper or lead.
    Emily:	Nah, you're pretty golden in my book.
    Narr:	The two of you lay there in silence, gazing at each other.
    Narr:	By all means, it's a beautiful moment. You both bask in the silence and beauty that managed to blossom between you.
    Narr:	Until a shrill scream breaks the moment.
    Naomi:	Oh my god, there's a fucking FIRE!
    Narr:	It snaps you both out of it, and you look at the girls.
    Narr:	Naomi is on her feet pointing in the direction of— Oh, it's not a joke.
    Narr:	There is a cloud of smoke looming past the trees, coming from the direction of the cabins.
    Narr:	A menacing hue of orange tints the trees. It doesn't look good.
    Narr:	You and Emily dress as quickly as you can and run back to join the others.
    Narr:	You are currently preoccupied with more important things.
    Narr:	Raising your head, you direct your gaze to the sky.
    Narr:	Patiently, just like everyone else, you wait for the event to commence.
    Narr:	It's nice to relax for a change, to sit back and let your mind wander.
    Narr:	After all, you deserve this; you've been running around all day, doing this and that.
    Narr:	Finally, you can say you've earned the right to take it easy for a change.
    Narr:	You feel a touch on the side of your hand, gentle and barely noticeable:
    Narr:	It's enough to avert your attention to the woman sitting next to you.
    Narr:	Eve, unlike the others, is not looking up — she's looking directly at you.
    Narr:	You can unmistakably tell, by her body language, what's on her mind.
    Me: 	(No... She wouldn't.)
    Narr:	You glance around, everyone is looking at the sky, oblivious to Eve's hungry eyes sizing you up; you can see it even with the glasses on.
    Me: 	The hand, which previously grazed you 'accidentally', now situates itself on your leg, moving up and down gently.
    Narr:	Her touch is firm in its intention, the meaning behind it obvious.
    Me: 	(Damn, she really has no shame...)
    Narr:	The touch is more than enough to awaken your sleeping member.
    Narr:	 A bulge protruding through the material, already discernible through your pants.
    Narr:	It's hard to tell whether Eve can notice it, for she turns her head back toward the sky; her action yet to be halted.
    Narr:	Your question is soon answered.
    Narr:	Her hand moves to unbutton and slide your pants down, her deft fingers knowing exactly how to do it without her having to look at it.
    Narr:	Without any protest, your dick springs free, and you know what is about to happen, there's no use trying to stop it.
    Narr:	Not that you want to, even with the girls present, you can't help admitting that this is exciting.
    Me: 	(Good thing we're far back, we should be in the clear... if no one decides to glance over their shoulder.)
    Narr:	The hand, which was previously caressing your leg, is now grasping your erect member.
    Me: 	*Whispers* Fuck.
    Narr:	You find yourself entirely preoccupied with her rather than the phenomenon about to transpire.
    Narr:	Her hands are soft, and you can smell the soft scent of her perfume.
    Narr:	It's sweet with a smokey note — a type of scent befitting a woman of her experience.
    Narr:	You can see the tip of her tongue poking out from the corner of her lip, moving to wet them as she looks at the hand stroking your cock.
    Narr:	The pressure she applies is just right and her hand slides up and down seamlessly, sending wave after wave of pleasure through you.
    Narr:	You control any moans or grunts that gather in the bottom of your throat and threaten to slip past your lips.
    Me: 	Mmm.
    Eve:	Shhh.
    Narr:	Somehow, the danger of being caught is making this that much better, even if it's just a handjob.
    Narr:	Your mind drifts to the possibility of ramming yourself into Eve, over and over again, until she screams with pleasure.
    Narr:	But you can't do that here. There is no way.
    Narr:	Instead your hand races to grab Eve's wrist, guiding her pace yourself — quickening it.
    Narr:	She appears to like that, as she doesn't protest one bit — not that she could, considering everyone was within earshot.
    Me: 	(Fuck, this is too good.)
    Narr:	Your eyes lock with Eve's through the glasses, and she casually motions behind you, toward the woods.
    Narr:	You're not an idiot, you know what that means.
    Narr:	Halting all action going around your crotch and pulling your pants back up,.
    Narr:	The two of you quietly rise from your blanket and begin to sneak away from the group.
    Narr:	The two of you giggle like a pair of teenagers doing something forbidden, something secret.
    Eve:	Shh, you better be quiet, or they'll catch us!
    Me: 	We certainly don't want that...
    Narr:	It makes you feel alive, adrenaline coursing through your veins and setting them practically on fire.
    Narr:	On fire with lust.
    Narr:	The moment you are far enough away, you waste no time on tentative kissing - no, this is full-blown making out.
    Narr:	There's no slowburn, no caution, just uncontrolled passion.
    Narr:	Your tongues tangle together as you grasp at each other's bodies, your hands gliding over Eve's curves greedily.
    Eve:	You can take these off now, we're not looking at the sun.
    Narr:	Eve moves to take off your glasses and throws them to the side, soon after her own follow.
    Narr:	Only then do you continue kissing and your hands are already moving to take off Eve's clothes.
    Narr:	You move onto her neck, kissing down it with fervor, nibbling lightly on the soft skin.
    Eve:	Mmmm, that's good...
    Narr:	Eve's breathing is hot and heavy, and you take that as a sign that it is time for you to move onto those beautiful breasts of hers.
    Me: 	(They're even bigger than Violet's...)
    Narr:	You take one erect nipple in your mouth, which receives quite an audible reaction from Eve.
    Eve:	Aaah!
    Narr:	Eve's hand tangles into your hair, lightly pulling on your strands as you do your work.
        Narr:	You pop it out of your mouth only to speak momentarily, massaging it with your hand.
        Me: 	This time, I'm the one in charge.
        Eve:	Are you now?
        Me: 	I think it's what I deserve after all the effort I put in.
        Eve:	Mmmm, you won't hear any complaints from me.
    Narr:	You move on from her nipple and down to her stomach, leaving soft kisses as you go.
    Narr:	Eve's hand is still tangled in your hair, guiding your head down lower.
        Narr:	There's nothing concealing her from you now.
        Narr:	No frill or pomp, no sexy outfit that can hide her from you.
        Narr:	This is Eve in her true essence, standing bare before you. She is not shy, not after everything that has transpired between you.
        Narr:	She knows that she can be a sex goddess, and she knows that she is one when you are enchanted by her.
            Me: 	I've been dying to taste you back then, you know?
            Eve:	Have you now?
            Me: 	Mhmm...
            Narr:	You drag the confirmation on as you lightly press your finger over Eve's dripping slit.
            Narr:	It elicits a sultry moan out of her.
            Me: 	And now, you're finally mine for the taking.
            Me: 	I've been thinking about your taste ever since we left your room, you know?
            voice:	voice/e10a81nastavak_fce2aec0.mp3
            Eve:	Have you now?
            Me: 	Mhmmm...
            Narr:	You drag the confirmation on as you lightly press your finger over Eve's dripping slit.
            Narr:	It elicits a sultry moan out of her.
            Me: 	And now, I can finally have my new favorite meal again.
    Me: 	Lie down.
    Narr:	You command, your tone unusually strict, especially when it comes to talking to your superior.
    Narr:	You can see that it catches her by surprise, but not in a bad way at all.
    Narr:	Without a word, only a nod, she moves to lay down on the soft, grass-covered ground.
    Narr:	For a moment you gaze at the marvel sprawled before you.
    Narr:	Eve has never looked this beautiful to you.
    Narr:	You thought it was impossible for her to look better than she normally does, but here she was, naked, bathed in the light of the looming eclipse.
    Narr:	You can't look directly at it, not that you'd want to at this moment, anyways.
    Narr:	But, because of the sudden shift in lighting, you can tell that it was going to be beautiful.
    Narr:	Without further ado, you press your lips against her pussy and get your tongue to work.
    Eve:	Aaah, fuck!
    Narr:	The moment your tongue makes contact with the soft folds of her most sensitive area, she lets out a scream followed by a curse.
    Me: 	(God, I love it when she talks dirty.)
    Narr:	Your tongue starts doing small circles, the tip focused right where it's supposed to be as you gradually increase the scale of the motion.
    Eve:	Yes, just like that, Dennis!
    Narr:	You can tell she's enjoying this, her juices dripping down your chin as you continue licking, your pace increasing.
    Me: 	*lick* *lick*
    Eve:	Aaah!
    Narr:	How can you make this even better? A thought crosses your mind.
    Narr:	You shift your body to accommodate your idea, moving your hand so you can rub Eve's entrance with two of your fingers.
    Eve:	Oh, yes... YES!
    Me: 	(She's getting louder and louder. I hope no one can hear that.)
    Narr:	Finally, you insert your fingers into her, which causes her to jolt in pleasure.
    Eve:	FUUUCK, THAT'S SO GOOOD!
    Narr:	You begin pumping your hand in and out of her, curling your fingers every now and then to hit that sweet spot of hers.
    Narr:	Under your skilled fingers and tongue, Eve practically turns into a puddle, a mess.
    Narr:	She is writhing in pleasure, absolutely consumed by what you are doing to her.
    Narr:	It is then that her first orgasm washes over her, causing her to release a moan of ecstasy as her body begins to shake.
    Narr:	Finally, it subsides, and you pull your two fingers out of her and raise your head to look at her.
    Me: 	I hope you're aware we're not done yet.
    Eve:	Oh, don't worry, I know.
    Narr:	It seems like she's decided it was your turn to be satisfied, so she moves swiftly to take off your pants.
    Narr:	Like before, your dick is now free from its confines and ready for whatever is coming.
    Eve:	I've noticed you quite like them...
    Narr:	She muses, pressing her plump breasts together. They stare at you like two prizes waiting to be claimed.
    Me: 	What's there not to like?
    Eve:	Then you're going to looooove this.
    Narr:	Eve crawls over to you, like a panther prowling for prey as she straddles your legs and leans forward.
    Narr:	Pressing your dick in between her breasts and rubbing them together.
    Narr:	Your cock slides seamlessly through her beautiful breasts as she squeezes them tighter sporadically, allowing you to truly enjoy yourself.
    Me: 	Mmm, good girl.
    Narr:	She seems to like the nickname, as she continues to do her job.
    Eve:	How do you want me?
            Narr:	Without so much as a word, you grab Eve by the waist and flip her around, so that she's on her knees.
            Narr:	You position yourself over her entrance, teasing her with the tip slightly.
            Me: 	Are you ready?
            voice:	voice/e10EveFinalSexStandingPoseFirst_a140ed15.mp3
            Eve:	What do you think?
            Narr:	You hesitate no more and slide yourself into Eve, both of you moaning in unison as the sensation overwhelms you.
            Eve:	You're going to get me addicted.
            Me: 	Well, I would hope so, because I intend to come back for more.
            Narr:	It is then that you begin thrusting into her, your bodies meshing together and creating the most wonderful symphony of moans.
            Eve:	Aaah, I love that big dick of yours!
            Me: 	As you fuck her, you give her ass a slap, which causes her to yelp in surprise and push herself into you further.
            Narr:	It absolutely entices you to work at your maximum, and so you increase your pace.
            Narr:	You pull yourself out of Eve, and she sighs in disappointment, but it's not long before you change your positions.
            Narr:	With impressive strength, you flip her onto her knees, your body looming behind her.
            Eve:	*Gasp* Dennis, you're so strong.
            Me: 	It's because of all the chores you gave me.
            Narr:	Wasting no time, you position yourself at her entrance and plunge yourself deep within her.
            Narr:	Her eyes go wide at your sudden entrance.
            Eve:	Aaah, yes!
            Eve:	Give it to me, Dennis!
            Narr:	You start thrusting into her right away, resuming the relentless pace you set earlier.
            Narr:	You are not giving her a chance to recover. She needs to know she is all yours.
            Me: 	As you fuck her, you give her ass a slap, which causes her to yelp in surprise and push herself into you further.
            Narr:	It absolutely entices you to work at your maximum.
            Narr:	Without so much as a word, you grab Eve by the waist and lift her up.
            Narr:	Her legs wrap around you instinctively, your bodies working together like they were made for this.
            Narr:	You carry her over to the closest tree and press her into it, the rough, dark bark in stark contrast with her marble skin.
            Narr:	You line yourself up with her entrance, teasing her with your tip slightly.
            Me: 	Are you ready?
            Eve:	What do you think?
            Narr:	You hesitate no more and slide yourself into Eve, both of you moaning in unison as you finally feel her around you, and she feels you, filling her up.
            voice:	voice/e10EveFinalSexDoggyStyleFirst_dea61d40.mp3
            Eve:	You're going to get me addicted.
            Me: 	Well, I would hope so, because I intend to come back for more.
            Narr:	It is then that you begin thrusting into her, your bodies meshing together and creating the most wonderful of symphonies.
            Eve:	Aaah, I love that big dick of yours!
            Narr:	She lowers one of her legs from your waist and places it on the ground, the other remaining wrapped around you as you fuck her.
            Narr:	The silhouettes of the girls can barely be seen in the background, enthralled by the eclipse, completely oblivious to what is going on in the distance.
            Narr:	You pull yourself out of Eve, and she sighs in disappointment, but it's not long before you change your positions.
            Narr:	With impressive strength, you pick her up, her legs wrapping around you.
            Narr:	You carry her over to the closest tree and press her into it, the rough, dark bark in stark contrast with her marble skin.
            Narr:	Wasting no time, you position yourself at her entrance and plunge yourself deep within her, causing her eyes to go wide at your sudden entrance.
            voice:	voice/e10EveSex2DoggySecond_88354d2b.mp3
            Eve:	Aaah, yes!
            voice:	voice/e10EveSex2DoggySecond_ba4fe4db.mp3
            Eve:	Give it to me, Dennis!
            Narr:	You start thrusting into her right away, resuming the relentless pace you set earlier.
            Narr:	You are not giving her a chance to recover. She needs to know she is all yours.
            Narr:	She lowers one of her legs from your waist and places it on the ground, the other remaining wrapped around you as you fuck her.
            Narr:	The silhouettes of the girls can barely be seen in the background, enthralled by the eclipse, completely oblivious to what is going on in the distance.
            Narr:	You wrap your arms around her waist and bring her onto your lap.
            Narr:	She, in turn, wraps her arms around your neck.
            Narr:	You are now face to face with her, and you can't resist pressing your lips against hers and kissing her passionately.
            Narr:	You position yourself over her entrance as you kiss, teasing her with your tip slightly.
            Narr:	Finally, you break away.
            Me: 	Are you ready?
            Eve:	What do you think?
            Narr:	You hesitate no more and slide yourself into Eve, both of you moaning in unison as you finally feel her around you, and she feels you filling her up.
            voice:	voice/e10EveFinalSexDoggyStyleFirst_dea61d40.mp3
            Eve:	You're going to get me addicted.
            Me: 	Well, I would hope so, because I intend to come back for more.
            Narr:	It is then that she begins bouncing in your lap, your bodies meshing together and creating the most wonderful of symphonies.
            voice:	voice/e10a86nastavak_e9ce3e25.mp3
            Eve:	Aaah, I love that big dick of yours!
            Narr:	While she does her part, you are free to kiss her neck before moving onto those juicy breasts your dick was buried between not too long ago.
            Narr:	You suck on a nipple, which only causes her to moan louder.
            Me: 	Hnnngh.
            Narr:	You pull yourself out of Eve; she sighs in disappointment, but it's not long before you change your positions.
            Narr:	With impressive strength, you pick her up, placing her on your lap.
            Narr:	She, in turn, wraps her arms around your neck.
            Narr:	You are now face to face with her, and you can't resist pressing your lips against hers and kissing her passionately.
            Narr:	She doesn't hesitate to guide your dick back into her, breathing heavily against your lips as she begins to lower herself onto it.
            Eve:	Mmmmm...
            Narr:	You start thrusting into her right away, resuming the relentless pace you set earlier.
            Narr:	You are not giving her a chance to recover. She needs to know she is all yours.
            Eve:	Aaah, I love that big dick of yours!
            Narr:	While she does her part, you are free to kiss her neck before moving onto those juicy breasts your dick was buried between not too long ago.
            Narr:	You suck on a nipple, which only causes her to moan louder.
            Me: 	Hnnngh.
    Narr:	You continue making love, and the girls are none the wiser.
    Narr:	You can feel yourself edging closer to your release, and judging by Eve's breathing, you can tell she is close as well.
    Me: 	I'm gonna cum...
    Eve:	Aah— Hnngh– Me too!
                Narr:	You waste no time with flipping Eve into the doggy position, plunging your dick back into her eagerly as you continue to ram her.
            Me: 	I'm going to fill you up!
            Eve:	Yes, fill me up to the brim, Dennis!
            Eve:	Fill my tight pussy!
            Narr:	You feel Eve clenching around your dick as she starts having her orgasm, a shrill moan escaping her as she reaches her peak.
            Narr:	It causes you to thrust harder and faster, allowing her to ride out her orgasm perfectly as her eyes roll to the back of her head.
            Narr:	The added pressure is what sends you over the edge, and you unload yourself inside her, hot loads of your cum filling her up.
            Me: 	Mmmm... Fuuuuck.
            Eve:	I want to swallow it all, Dennis!
            Me: 	Fuuuuck.
            Narr:	You continue thrusting into her until you absolutely can't thrust anymore.
                Narr:	Eve gets on her knees as you pull out of her and plunge yourself into her mouth quickly.
            Narr:	It's not long before you're filling her mouth with your hot load.
            Narr:	Your hips stutter as you ride out your orgasm, hand tangling into her hair as you finish.
            Me: 	Mmmm... Fuuuck.
            Eve:	I want you inside of my tight, little asshole!
            Eve:	Fill up my asshole, please!
            Narr:	You can sense the urgency in her tone, she really wants it.
            Narr:	And you are not one to disappoint.
                Narr:	You remove yourself from her only for the sake of switching holes, and you plunge yourself inside her with fervor.
            Narr:	You waste no time and with Eve on her knees, plunging your dick back into her eagerly as you continue to ram her.
            Narr:	It sends Eve over the edge as her body begins to convulse in orgasm.
            Narr:	It causes you to thrust harder and faster, allowing her to ride out her orgasm perfectly as her eyes roll to the back of her head.
            Narr:	The added pressure is what sends you over the edge, and you unload yourself inside her, hot loads of your cum filling her up.
            Me: 	Mmmm... Fuuuuck.
    Narr:	You remove yourself out of Eve and lay next to her, chest heaving.
    Narr:	When you look at her, you can see she's going through the same.
    Narr:	Your eyes close, careful not to look at the now full blown eclipse.
    Eve:	We missed the eclipse.
    Me: 	Hah.
    Me: 	I don't think we missed a thing.
    Narr:	The release that washes over you is unlike anything you've ever experienced before.
    Narr:	It's mind-blowing, earth-shattering, by far the best orgasm you've ever managed to achieve.
    Narr:	One look at Eve tells you that she feels the same; her chest heaving with residue excitement that carried you both here.
    Narr:	You can't help thinking she looks beautiful beneath this eclipse, so much so that looking at the sun would be a waste of your time.
    Narr:	The only thing you want to look at right now is Eve.
    Eve:	Don't make me psychoanalyze that look in your eyes.
    Narr:	Eve teases, though a part of you never knows if she's joking or being serious.
    Me: 	No need for that now!
    Eve:	Then why are you looking at me with such a dazed look in your eyes?
    Narr:	You laugh. 'Dazed' is not how you would've described yourself.
    Me: 	I just think you look very pretty like this.
    Eve:	You mean thoroughly fucked out and satisfied?
    Me: 	No— I mean, yes! Of course!
    Me: 	I was thinking more along the lines of... in this particular lighting.
    Eve:	Oh, hush, you.
    Eve:	I can't believe the girls didn't hear us.
    Eve:	I could lose my license over this, you know?
    Me: 	Your license to kill?
    Eve:	No, my therapist license.
    Me: 	Yeah, no way you could lose your license to kill — that pussy is deadly.
    Narr:	Eve gives you a light smack just for that little comment, but you can't help laughing at your own wittiness.
    Eve:	Don't make me kill you.
    Me: 	You wouldn't, who would be fixing all the broken crap around this camp if I died?
    Eve:	I would fix it myself!
    Me: 	I don't think I've ever seen you with a tool in your hand.
    Eve:	What do you mean? I just held one moments ago.
    Me: 	That's smart, even I didn't think of that.
    Eve:	Watch yourself, Golden Boy.
    Me: 	Hah, I assure you I'm anything but golden... Maybe more copper or lead.
    Eve:	Well, by taking your actions into consideration, I would say you are pretty golden.
    Narr:	The two of you lay there in silence gazing at each other.
    Narr:	By all means, it's a beautiful moment. You both bask in the silence and beauty that managed to blossom between you.
    Narr:	Until a shrill scream breaks the moment.
    Naomi:	Oh my god, it's a fucking FIRE!
    Narr:	It snaps you both out of it, and you look at the girls.
    Narr:	Naomi is on her feet pointing in the direction of— Oh, it's no joke.
    Narr:	There really is a cloud of smoke looming past the trees, coming from the direction of the cabins.
    Narr:	A menacing hue of orange tints the trees. It's not good.
    Narr:	You and Eve are quick to dress and join the others.
Narr:	Fortunately, no one really noticed you were missing. Before, they were preoccupied with the eclipse, and now...
Narr:	Now they are preoccupied with the fire raging on the other side of the treeline.
Narr:	You take a look around you, all of the girls are frozen.
Me: 	(Wait, where's Stacy?)
Narr:	The girl's absence is not something that your keen eye misses, and, suddenly, worry overflows you.
Narr:	Even in this situation, you can't help thinking that—
Narr:	You shake the thought off, it's not a priority right now.
Me: 	What are we doing?! Come on!
Me: 	Follow me!
Narr:	It makes them snap out of it and focus on the problem at hand. They all quickly run after you.
Narr:	You didn't realize how fast you were running until you reached the cabins in record time, your legs moving of their own volition.
Narr:	Flames flickering high around the poor, wooden cabin.
Narr:	Illuminating the sky and painting quite the picture with the eclipse that was going on.
Belle:	Fuuuck... That's big!
Kiara:	What the fuck are we going to do?!
Narr:	From the woods, Stacy emerges, something that goes unnoticed by the other girls, but certainly not by you.
Me: 	(Where the hell was she? Did she— No, she wouldn't.)
Emily:	I'm going to go and call the fire department.
Eve:	I'll go with her, we should call the police while we're at it, too.
Narr:	Before you can stop them, Emily and Eve dart toward the house.
Narr:	You know there is no way the fire department will be here in time.
Narr:	But you do agree that calling them isn't a bad idea.
Narr:	You're looking around, trying to think of anything you could do.
Narr:	If you don't act quick, the fire might not stop at the cabin. You need to put out those flames before they spread.
Narr:	Your eyes dart to the lake. A whole body of water right next to the cabin, a lifeline, ready to be used.
Narr:	If only there was some way to...
Me: 	(Wait! There's a set of buckets somewhere around here!)
Narr:	It takes a brief glance to spot exactly what you were searching for resting by the chopping block.
Me: 	Quick, grab one of those and run to the lake! We can put it out ourselves!
Narr:	You waste no time in rushing for the object in question, already readying yourself to hear complaints or at least some sort of whining.
Narr:	To your surprise, there was not a single complaint.
Narr:	In fact, one of the first girls to be by your side and running toward the lake was none other than Naomi.
Narr:	Violet and Belle are quick to follow, of course — Violet grabbing two buckets.
Narr:	Even Kiara, despite complaining about working too much, was now giving it her all to extinguish this catastrophe.
Narr:	You bend and fill the bucket to its brim, wasting no time in running back toward the burning cabin.
Narr:	On your way, you pass a dazed Stacy. She's looking at the fire with wide eyes, and you can see that she's fascinated by it all.
Narr:	It's like she was in some sort of trance.
Me: 	Stacy!
Narr:	Your shout snaps her out of it, and she seems to finally comprehend the situation at hand.
Narr:	She gives you a firm and unwavering nod of understanding before grabbing a bucket herself, running to fill it with water.
Narr:	The six of you empty the contents of the buckets onto the burning cabin, the water sizzling in protest of its extinguishing.
Narr:	However, your efforts are certainly not in vain.
Narr:	Going back and forth between the cabin and the lake does wonders in curbing the raging, all-consuming inferno.
Narr:	You take a moment to look at each of the girls, each with their own set of issues, but all equally eager to help.
Narr:	You can't help wondering whether they would've been as eager to help when they first arrived at camp?
Narr:	Camp Red Falls has grown on them, and they are doing everything in their power to help it.
Narr:	Not long after, where Cabin 3 once stood, now lie only wet and charred remains.
Narr:	But you have extinguished the fire — and the rest of the camp, although covered in smoke, is completely untouched.
Narr:	Only then do you realize that you are absolutely exhausted, dropping to your knees, your arms and legs in pain from all the running.
Narr:	What surprises you, however, is that all five of the girls rush to your side.
Narr:	They help you get back on your feet, and you find a nice metaphor in the action.
Me: 	Thanks, girls...
Kiara:	How did this happen? I don't understand...
Me: 	I don't understand either, Kiara.
Violet:	Look, Eve and Emily are coming back.
Narr:	In the distance, you really can see Eve and Emily coming back.
Eve:	Good work, everyone!
Eve:	I was worried we would be left with nothing but ash...
Eve:	How did you manage to do it?
Me: 	It's all thanks to the girls, I wouldn't have been able to do it without them.
Me: 	If it hadn't been for them, you would indeed be left with nothing but ash.
Naomi:	It really wasn't that big of a deal!
Belle:	Yeah, I've played matches longer than this.
Stacy:	... I'm sure H.P.L. won't mind; it was for the greater good.
Violet:	It was actually a pretty good workout, if we did this every day, we would be ready for a triathlon in a matter of months.
Kiara:	Well, I couldn't just sit around and do nothing!
Eve:	Camp Red Falls is indebted to you, girls.
Eve:	Now, please, you should sit and rest.
Narr:	Eve motions to the benches in the middle of the campground.
Narr:	You sit on the bench, the ruins of the third cabin looming behind you — a charred wooden skeleton all that's left of it.
Narr:	Your legs still ache with exhaustion, you really pushed your body to the maximum.
Narr:	You don't even want to think about how much it will all hurt tomorrow.
Narr:	Though, when you glance around, you see that the girls are no less exhausted than you.
Narr:	Belle, Stacy, Naomi, Violet and Kiara sit on the benches.
Narr:	Chests still heaving as they're trying to catch their breath, clothes and faces stained from the firefight.
Narr:	In spite of all that, they seem satisfied, exchanging glances and smiles among each other.
Narr:	No matter how gloomy the situation may be, this sight is what makes it better. Much better.
Narr:	Eve and Emily sit side by side, the older woman looking uncharacteristically deep in her thoughts.
Narr:	Eve's giving others a moment to recuperate before she starts talking, which is only natural.
Narr:	You can not even imagine how stressful this might've been for her.
Eve:	Alright...
Narr:	Eve begins, and all hushed chatter subsides.
Narr:	All eyes, including yours, turn to the woman.
Eve:	The police and the firefighters are on their way, I would appreciate it if you would stick around and talk with them.
Me: 	I don't think anyone here has a problem with that.
Narr:	All the girls nod in unison.
Eve:	By no means do I want you to feel unsafe or uncomfortable here.
Eve:	I assure you, no one is in danger; this will all be sorted as soon as the proper authorities arrive.
Violet:	I think we all know this isn't anyone's fault.
Violet:	After all, we've all been together during the eclipse.
Narr:	The four of them nod, but your eyes linger on Stacy, squinting lightly.
Eve:	Firstly, I would like to thank you once again for showing initiative and saving what could be saved.
Eve:	That was not, by any means, expected of you, but you did it anyways — which shows growth.
Eve:	I'm pretty sure that, had this happened when you first arrived, you wouldn't have been as eager to help.
Eve:	As such, I think we are due for one last group session.
Eve:	I want to know how you feel about your experience at camp — what you have learned, and what you will apply once you are out of here.
Narr:	All four girls exchange glances between each other before turning to Eve once again.
Narr:	They smile, all nodding and shifting in their seats as they prepare themselves for what is to come.
Eve:	Stacy, why don't you start us off?
Stacy:	Huh?
Narr:	Stacy shifts, as if she wasn't expecting to be called out first.
Stacy:	Well... Uhm...
Narr:	She looks around, eyes shifting to the ground until Belle's hand lands on her thigh.
Narr:	Their eyes lock, and Belle gives Stacy a nod of encouragement.
Narr:	It appears that's all Stacy needed.
Stacy:	How to start?
Eve:	It's okay, Stacy, take as much as you need.
Eve:	No one here is rushing you.
    Stacy:	I guess I should start with my arrival.
    Stacy:	I'm not going to lie to y'all, H.P.L. really helped me push through the first few days here.
    Stacy:	I was scared that, once I'm separated from my flock, I would feel alone.
    Stacy:	Lost, more than alone, actually.
    Stacy:	But in spite of it, the moment I arrived, I felt like an outside force was on my side.
    Narr:	Stacy looks at you, lips curling into the faintest of smiles.
    Me: 	(She must be talking about the lighter I allowed her to keep.)
    Me: 	(I had no idea that it meant so much to her...)
    Me: 	(Good to know I made the right choice.)
    Narr:	Something urges you to glance at the burned down cabin as soon as you finish your thought.
    Narr:	An uneasy feeling rests in the pit of your stomach.
    Stacy:	H.P.L. was here with me the entire time, and that was a blessing in itself.
    Stacy:	I guess I should start with my arrival.
    Stacy:	I'm not going to lie to y'all, the first few days were not easy.
    Stacy:	I was scared that, once I'm separated from my flock, I would feel alone.
    Stacy:	Lost, more than alone, actually.
    Stacy:	And I was right to be scared, facing my fears was the hardest thing I had to do.
    Stacy:	I felt like—
    Narr:	She pauses, eyes welling up with tears, but she is quick to stop them from spilling.
    Stacy:	I felt so disconnected, like H.P.L had forsaken me — forgotten about me.
    Stacy:	But then a new flicker of a flame appeared before me... In the form of y'all.
    Narr:	Stacy is quick to change her expression, now smiling and looking at each of the girls.
    Stacy:	Thank you, girls.
    Stacy:	Without you, I don't know how I would've remained sane.
    Me: 	(She must be talking about the lighter I took from her.)
    Me: 	(Fuck, if I had known that it meant so much to her, I would've done things differently.)
    Me: 	(Though... Maybe...)
    Narr:	Something urges you to glance at the burned down cabin as soon as you finish your thought.
    Narr:	An uneasy feeling rests in the pit of your stomach.
    Stacy:	But the feeling of homesickness was still there; I missed my flock too much.
    Stacy:	After all, they've been my family for the last couple of years, especially since my biological family abandoned me.
    Stacy:	Like I told Dennis during our session, any and all choices I made while involved with the flock were mine and mine alone.
    Stacy:	I know there's a lot of stigma around it, but the flock is my pillar of support.
    Stacy:	They always will be.
    Stacy:	Although, I learned I can find pillars in other places, too... Not just in H.P.L.'s warm embrace.
    Stacy:	But I was still feeling homesick; I missed my flock too much.
    Stacy:	After all, they've been my family for the last couple of years, especially since my biological family abandoned me.
    Stacy:	Most of you don't know why I'm here, but... I am here on a court order.
    Stacy:	Now, I know what y'all think, but any choices I made were mine and mine alone.
    Stacy:	Nothing I did was influenced by the flock or H.P.L... I have a tendency to be overzealous — I can see that now.
    Stacy:	It's what I learned during my time here.
    Stacy:	My overzealousness stems from the fact that I...
    Stacy:	... I feel like no one will take me seriously.
    Stacy:	Serving the flock can not be my one and only occupation, I must find myself outside of it.
    Stacy:	Who is Stacy? What does she enjoy doing aside from recruiting new members and praying around the fire?
    Stacy:	Once I find answers to those questions, I will be able to practice my religion in healthy parameters.
Narr:	With that, Stacy concludes her monologue.
svi:	Woo, go Stacy!
Narr:	You can't help noting that this was in stark contrast to her original reluctance to open up.
Narr:	To the girls' reluctance to open up.
Eve:	Thank you for sharing, Stacy.
Eve:	That was very brave of you.
Eve:	I want you to know that I am proud of how far you have come.
Me: 	I'm proud of you too, Stacy.
Me: 	I know that a promising life awaits you out there.
Narr:	You smile at her, and she smiles back, it's an exchange that warms your heart.
Narr:	Seeing her grow like this, there's no better reward for you.
Eve:	Now, Belle.
Eve:	I think it's your turn.
Belle:	Hm, are you sure?
Eve:	Positive.
Eve:	You have a voice like everyone else here, one that you made sure was heard these past few days.
Belle:	Heh, I suppose that's true!
    Belle:	I'm glad Stacy went first, now it doesn't have to be so awkward!
    Belle:	As most of you know, I am a bombshell...
    Narr:	Audible groans can be heard all around you.
    Eve:	Come on, let her finish her thought.
    Belle:	And, usually, you know, bombshells like me do not have crises.
    Belle:	But girls, when I tell you... This has been a challenge, both physical and mental.
    Belle:	I could feel this itch deep inside of me, and there was not a single way I could've scratched it.
    Belle:	It made me especially antsy and restless.
    Me: 	(Maybe I shouldn't have confiscated that dildo. Sounds like she really needed it when times were tough.)
    Belle:	Look, I didn't even know dildos were contraband, y'know? It's ridiculous, now that I think about it, that my healthy interest—
    Narr:	Eve's glare shoots daggers at her, which promptly shuts her up. It's progress, all things considered.
    Belle:	Sorry, old habits die hard.
    Belle:	My sexuality is not healthy, I see that now. It's a way for me to compensate for.... certain things.
    Belle:	I'm glad Stacy went first, now it doesn't have to be so awkward!
    Belle:	As most of you know, I am a bombshell...
    Narr:	Audible groans can be heard all around you.
    Eve:	Come on, let her finish her thought.
    Belle:	And, usually, you know, bombshells like me do not have crises.
    Belle:	Which is absolutely correct, it actually wasn't as hard as I thought it would be.
    Belle:	I had... multiple tools to help myself out with.
    Narr:	She looks at you, not even bothering to be subtle, giving you a wink.
    Eve:	Please, Belle, keep it appropriate.
    Belle:	Right, right, sorry.
    Belle:	But y'know, even with all that taken into consideration, I missed physical contact.
    Belle:	Sex was, in truth, all I could really think about, besides video games.
    Belle:	Oh, and I really missed those... video games, that is.
    Belle:	But I really did learn a lot in my time here at Red Falls. I've learned that my sexuality is not healthy.
    Belle:	I can see that now — what you all were talking about. It's a way for me to compensate for... certain things.
    Belle:	My compulsion also drove me to commit actions that I'm not proud of.
    Narr:	It's in this moment that she turns to Eve fully, a hint of shame present in her eyes.
    Narr:	Shame and Belle are usually quite incompatible terms, but you can see that, at this moment, she is being genuine.
    Belle:	I'm sorry I took the box that was under your bed.
    Eve:	That was you?!
    Narr:	Eve can't refrain herself from raising her voice, it slips up like a curse in a dire situation.
    Narr:	She is quick to gather herself, however.
    Eve:	I mean to say... that was you?
    Belle:	Yes, and I apologize. In the moment, it was stronger than me — I was curious.
    Belle:	I snooped around the house, and I found the key to your room.
    Me: 	(Please don't say where you found it, please don't say where you found it...)
    Eve:	Well, I will admit, I was a little bit careless with it...
    Eve:	What's done is done, Belle. I find it admirable that you are self-aware enough to know what you did was wrong.
    Eve:	There is no point in crying over spilled milk, I accept your apology.
    Belle:	And, about what was inside—
    Eve:	Okay, Belle, I think we can move on now!
    Belle:	Right, right...
    Belle:	My compulsion also drove me to commit actions that I'm not proud of.
    Narr:	It's in this moment that she turns to Eve fully, a hint of shame present in her eyes.
    Narr:	Shame and Belle are usually quite incompatible terms, but you can see that, at this moment, she is being genuine.
    Belle:	I'm sorry I took your underwear, Dennis.
    Narr:	If you had a drink, you would spit it out. Fortunately, that was not the case, but her confession leaves you visibly flustered.
    Narr:	Eve notices that and arches a brow.
    Belle:	It was wrong of me to do so, and it was wrong of me to show it to the girls, too.
    Narr:	The girls, as she says that, whistle innocently or feign ignorance.
    Me: 	Khm... Thank you, Belle.
    Me: 	I wasn't particularly offended by it, but I'm glad you apologized.
    Belle:	No problem, I wouldn't have been able to leave camp with a clear conscience if I hadn't!
    Me: 	(Fucking hell.)
    Belle:	I'll conclude with this, and then I'll pass the mic to someone else!
    Belle:	Dennis helped me realize that my worth is not in how sexual I am, or rather, that I don't have to be sexual to be interesting.
    Belle:	I have so many other talents, and being a good fuck is not one of them—
    Belle:	Well, okay, that is at least a little bit interesting.
    Me: 	Belle...
    Belle:	I'm joking!
    Belle:	But anyways, it's why I have decided to put a stop to this addiction.
    Belle:	I will refrain from having sex for a little while and focus on what makes me... well... me.
Belle:	Thanks for listening everyone.
Belle:	And, I promise to you all, I will not lose my pizazz just because I decided to take a little sexual sabbatical.
Naomi:	I don't think anyone is thinking that.
Narr:	You can almost hear Naomi rolling her eyes.
Narr:	Still, just like they did for Stacy, the girls cheer.
Eve:	Thank you for sharing, Belle.
Eve:	It takes a lot of courage to admit what you have just admitted, and I want you to know that.
Eve:	Just like Stacy, you are on the path to recovery — you are aware of your problem, and you know how you will fix it.
Eve:	Now all it takes is work.
Eve:	You and I didn't always see eye-to-eye, but I'm glad we found a common path.
Belle:	Thanks for trying, Dr. Eve. I know I'm not the easiest person to deal with.
Belle:	And if you ever need a good fu—
Me: 	OKAY, don't ruin it!
Narr:	You chuckle at the sight of Eve being so flustered, you can even discern a faint smile. She seems genuinely proud of Belle.
Eve:	Naomi.
Naomi:	Hm?
Eve:	I think you should be next, so please...
Eve:	The 'stage' is yours.
Naomi:	Right, right..
    Naomi:	You know what crossed my mind when I first arrived here?
    Naomi:	Wow, they really sent me to a shithole...
    Naomi:	Honestly, nothing was up to standard.
    Naomi:	These shabby little cabins, the community area; honestly, it felt like I'd entered Addicts Anonymous.
    Naomi:	And the food... UGH! Don't get me started on the food—
    Eve:	I think we got the point, Naomi.
    Narr:	Eve interrupts, and you can see the girls giggling among each other.
    Narr:	In a way, Naomi's snobbishness has become endearing.
    Naomi:	But... I would be a liar if I didn't say that all of it has grown on me.
    Naomi:	Maybe it's the lack of electronics and a complete cut-off from social media, but I was forced to interact with the world around me.
    Naomi:	Though, I would've been VERY grateful if I had been allowed to keep my phone...
    Narr:	For some reason, you feel like that was directed at you.
    Me: 	(I mean what would've been the worst thing that could've happened if I had let her keep her phone?)
    Me: 	(Oh, yeah... I could've lost my integrity.)
    Narr:	Fortunately, your integrity has remained intact throughout the whole week, your actions admirable to say the least.
    Naomi:	But I guess being cut off helped me focus on what's really important — the people around me, and how I'm supposed to treat them.
    Naomi:	Especially you, Violet. I was a major bitch to you. I'm sorry.
    Narr:	You see Violet becoming visibly flustered.
    Violet:	Oh, come on, Naomi. It's all water off a duck's back.
    Naomi:	Thank you.
    Naomi:	You know what crossed my mind when I first arrived here?
    Naomi:	Wow, they really sent me to a shithole..
    Naomi:	Honestly, nothing was up to standard.
    voice:	voice/e10a90nastavak_ef568e40.mp3
    Naomi:	These shabby little cabins, the community area; honestly, it felt like I'd entered Addicts Anonymous.
    Naomi:	And the food.. UGH! Don't get me started on the food—
    voice:	voice/e10a90nastavak_2155358e.mp3
    Eve:	I think we got the point, Naomi.
    Narr:	Eve interrupts, and you can see the girls giggling among each other.
    Narr:	In a way, Naomi's snobbism has become endearing.
    Naomi:	But... I would be a liar if I didn't say that all of it has grown on me.
    Naomi:	Even though I wasn't completely cut off, my world outside of this camp started to feel vapid and shallow.
    Naomi:	I was surprised to learn that people here actually had interests — it's not something I was entirely used to in the outside world.
    Me: 	(I guess that allowing Naomi to keep her phone wasn't such a bad idea.)
    Me: 	(It allowed her to reflect on what she's not happy with out there.)
    Naomi:	Most importantly, I learned how to properly treat people around me, even if they don't necessarily belong to the same circle as I do.
    Naomi:	I'm especially sorry about the way I treated you, Violet.
    Narr:	You see Violet become visibly flustered.
    voice:	voice/e10a90nastavak_52d53b35.mp3
    Violet:	Oh, come on, Naomi. It's all water off a duck's back.
    voice:	voice/e10a90nastavak_9f29b32c.mp3
    Naomi:	Thank you.
        Naomi:	And, I'm also sorry for texting during your lecture Dr. Eve.
        Naomi:	It was... unprofessional.
        Eve:	Thank you, Naomi.
        Narr:	Eve looks at you, knowingly. Maybe you should apologize as well?
        Me: 	Yeah, my bad, too.
        Naomi:	When can I get it back?
        Eve:	You'll get it back once you're discharged.
        Eve:	Let's move on.
    Naomi:	I learned what good and honest work is during my time at Red Falls.
    Naomi:	It taught me to value and respect it, but, most importantly, that nothing will fall out of the sky and into my lap.
    Narr:	Naomi looks at you, smiling meekly,
    Naomi:	Thank you for being an example to me, Dennis.
    Naomi:	It really encouraged me to follow your lead, I don't know how long it would've taken me to pick up the rake myself.
    Me: 	Don't even worry about it, Naomi. I'm glad I could help out.
    Naomi:	I always thought that type of work was beneath me, but I learned to find gratification in doing something on my own.
    Naomi:	I felt good after sweating the entire afternoon, and I will say that I'm really proud of what the area has become.
    Naomi:	By the time new patients arrive, the area will be completely clean.
    Eve:	That's wonderful news, Naomi.
    Eve:	I'm proud of you.
    Naomi:	I learned what good and honest work is in my time at Red Falls.
    Naomi:	It taught me to value and respect it, but, most importantly, it taught me that nothing will fall out of the sky and into my lap.
    Narr:	Naomi looks at you, smiling meekly.
    Naomi:	Thank you for not jumping to my aid right away, Dennis.
    Naomi:	I needed to learn on my own what it means to take action and get to work.
    Naomi:	Sometimes in life you will only be able to rely on yourself, people won't always have your back.
    Me: 	(Hm... Maybe I should have helped her out.)
    Me: 	(Though, it did make her independent, and I ended up joining her anyway!)
    Me: 	No problem, Naomi. Any time.
    Naomi:	I always thought that type of work was beneath me, but I learned to find gratification in doing something on my own.
    Naomi:	I felt good after sweating the entire afternoon, and I will say that I'm really proud of what the area has become.
    Naomi:	By the time new patients arrive, the area will be completely clean.
    voice:	voice/e10a90nastavak_9c516cba.mp3
    Eve:	That's wonderful news, Naomi.
    voice:	voice/e10a90nastavak_0d0e568e.mp3
    Eve:	I'm proud of you.
    Naomi:	And, finally, I have an announcement to make!
    Narr:	Her proclamation causes a stir among those gathered.
    Naomi:	I would like to announce that I'm working on my first ever novel.
    Naomi:	The title will be 'Red Falls', and it will be a collection of stories — some scary, based around what we went through here.
    Naomi:	Don't worry, your names will be changed.
    Naomi:	I just wanted you to know that you've truly inspired me to chase my passion and make something out of it.
    Eve:	Wow, Naomi, that is a big step for you.
    Eve:	You must notify us the moment it's published.
    Naomi:	Hang on, I haven't even finished it, much less found a publisher!
    Eve:	I have no doubt it will be great.
Naomi:	Thank you all for listening.
Eve:	No, Naomi, thank you for sharing.
Narr:	The girls give a couple of woos when Naomi finishes her speech.
Eve:	Violet, if that's alright, I would like you to go next.
Violet:	Oh.. Me?
Violet:	Alright, I feel like there are a couple of things I'm ready to say.
Eve:	Are you sure?
Violet:	Positive, Dr. Eve. Thank you.
Narr:	All of the girls seem to shift in their seats as Violet readies herself to speak.
    Violet:	All my life, I've struggled with asserting myself, or rather, speaking my mind and just allowing myself to be comfortable in my own skin.
    Violet:	But comfortable in a way that... I feel like my opinion is valid and matters.
    Violet:	I only ever felt comfortable being on my own.
    Violet:	It's why I enjoyed my alone time so much, doing yoga and exercising.
    Violet:	This is where I have to thank, Dennis, however.
    Violet:	His presence has really taught me that I don't need to be alone to enjoy myself and that company is sometimes more than appreciated.
    Violet:	I wish you could've seen him do the king dancer pose, girls...
    Belle:	Oh, you have no idea...
    Me: 	Uhm... Thanks, Violet!
    Me: 	It was actually really fun, and I learned a thing or two.
    Me: 	I think I'll continue doing yoga on my own, too. I didn't know it could be so refreshing.
    Violet:	Well, if you ever need any tips, you know who to call.
    Violet:	All my life, I've struggled with asserting myself, or rather, speaking my mind and just allowing myself to be comfortable in my own skin.
    Violet:	But comfortable in a way that... I feel like my opinion is valid and matters.
    Violet:	I only ever felt comfortable being on my own.
    Violet:	It's why I enjoyed my alone time so much, doing yoga and exercising.
    Violet:	I greatly appreciated that I could have my old routine in this new environment.
    Violet:	It allowed me to maintain a semblance of normality... Otherwise, I would have gone insane...
    Violet:	Though, I have to praise Naomi for joining me these last few days!
    Naomi:	It was actually quite enjoyable.
    Naomi:	Yoga classes are expensive, and you are better than any instructor I have had in the past.
    Naomi:	It was actually really fun, and I learned a thing or two.
    Naomi:	I think I'll continue doing yoga on my own, too. I didn't know it could be so refreshing.
    Violet:	Well, if you ever need any tips, you know who to call.
    Violet:	But I suppose none of you really know why I'm here...
    Violet:	Being shy and timid is not enough for someone to be sent to an institution like this one, now is it?
    Naomi:	You don't have to share if you don't want to, Violet.
    Stacy:	Yeah... I don't think anyone here's forcing you.
    Violet:	Thank you, girls, but I think that I should.
    Narr:	Violet takes a deep breath, bracing herself for what she is about to reveal.
    Narr:	You, yourself, are left on the edge of your seat. Is Violet really brave enough to share something like this?
    Violet:	The reason why I'm here is because I have a compulsion.
    Violet:	 Khm... I get spontaneous orgasms every time someone claps.
    Narr:	The girls stare at her in wonder, and you can certainly see a couple of jaws dropping.
    Narr:	You even see Belle inconspicuously raising her hands, as if she is going to clap.
    Narr:	Fortunately, before she can, Stacy makes her lower them with her hand, shaking her head in disapproval.
    Naomi:	Are you serious?
    Violet:	Unfortunately.
    Belle:	I have SO many questions.
    Stacy:	Now's not the time, Belle.
    Violet:	I understand that it's... weird.
    Violet:	I was ashamed of it for so long, but I feel comfortable sharing it with you all.
    Violet:	I've learned to accept that part of myself, thanks to... well, that part doesn't really matter.
    Narr:	You know she's talking about you, especially with the way she glances at you.
    Narr:	Only for a fleeting moment, not long enough for anyone around you to notice.
    Me: 	You're so brave, Violet.
    Violet:	But I suppose none of you really know why I'm here...
    voice:	voice/e10a90nastavak_d782b177_1.mp3
    Violet:	Being shy and timid is not enough for someone to be sent to an institution like this one, now is it?
    voice:	voice/e10a90nastavak_102993f4.mp3
    Naomi:	You don't have to share if you don't want to, Violet.
    voice:	voice/e10a90nastavak_915ff146.mp3
    Stacy:	Yeah... I don't think anyone here's forcing you.
    Violet:	Thank you, girls, but I think that I should.
    Narr:	Violet takes a deep breath, bracing herself for what she is about to reveal.
    Narr:	You, yourself, are left on the edge of your seat. Is Violet really brave enough to share something like this?
    Violet:	The reason why I'm here is because I have a compulsion.
    Violet:	 Khm... I get spontaneous orgasms every time someone claps.
    Narr:	The girls stare at her in wonder, and you can certainly see a couple of jaws dropping.
    Narr:	You even see Belle inconspicuously raising her hands, as if she is going to clap.
    Narr:	Fortunately, before she can, Stacy makes her lower them with her hand, shaking her head in disapproval.
    voice:	voice/e10a90nastavak_0f4e68aa.mp3
    Naomi:	Are you serious?
    Violet:	Unfortunately.
    voice:	voice/e10a90nastavak_47bfba58.mp3
    Belle:	I have SO many questions.
    voice:	voice/e10a90nastavak_ebe5ab12.mp3
    Stacy:	Now's not the time, Belle.
    Violet:	I understand that it's... weird.
    Violet:	I was ashamed of it for so long, but I feel comfortable sharing it with you all.
    Violet:	I've learned to accept that part of myself, after a lot of contemplation and self-reflection.
    Violet:	It's still something that will require some getting used to, but I feel comfortable enough to share it, so I must've made some progress.
    Eve:	Don't worry, Violet, you most definitely have.
    Violet:	Most importantly, though, I've learned that my affliction is a part of me.
    Violet:	I shouldn't be ashamed of it, I should embrace it — there's no use fighting it.
    Violet:	Hey, if anything, it can aid my sex life, too! Why should I complain?
    Narr:	Violet looks at you knowingly, and you cannot help smirking.
    Violet:	The sooner I accept it, the sooner I'll potentially learn how to live with it.
Eve:	Wow, thank you for sharing, Violet.
Naomi:	That was one of the bravest things I've ever seen.
Narr:	Naomi places her hand on Violet's back, rubbing it comfortingly.
Violet:	Thank you... for your patience.
Narr:	The girls begin snapping their fingers, a suitable substitution for clapping as they applaud Violet for sharing her story.
Eve:	Well, if that would be all, we should—
Kiara:	Wait, Eve, I would like to say a couple of things.
Narr:	Kiara professes suddenly, rising from her seat and taking a deep breath.
Kiara:	As you all know, this will be my last summer here.
Kiara:	You four are, coincidentally, my first batch of female patients.
Kiara:	I just wanted you to know that you've made my last summer at camp Red Falls a wonderful experience.
Kiara:	I can't tell you how grateful I am that I didn't have to keep watch over smelly, teenage boys.
Me: 	(You can say that twice.)
Belle:	Aww, Kiara, I'm gonna cry...
Kiara:	That's why I'm really thankful for you all, and I will never forget you...
Narr:	Eve raises from her seat as well, moving to place a hand on Kiara's shoulder.
Eve:	I want you to know that, as long as I'm here, you will always be welcome at Red Falls.
Narr:	Even Emily bolts from her seat and practically jumps on Kiara, arms wrapping around her as she pulls her into the tightest of hugs.
Kiara:	*Struggling* Em, I can't fucking breathe!
Emily:	I'm going to miss you so much, Kiara!
Me: 	We all are.
Narr:	You and Kiara exchange a look as Emily smothers her, and you could swear that you see her eyes welling up with tears.
Kiara:	Yeah, yeah... Don't make me get all mushy.
Narr:	Finally, Emily steps away from Kiara.
    Emily:	I should go and see if the authorities have arrived.
    Eve:	I should go and see if the authorities have arrived.
Stacy:	Girls, maybe we should all go and get some rest, it's been a long day.
Naomi:	That's not that bad of an idea.
Violet:	Agreed, I might do the same.
Belle:	Wait for me, Stacy!
    Narr:	The girls all retreat for some well-earned rest as Emily heads for the house, Kiara following along.
    Narr:	The girls all retreat for some well-earned rest as Emily heads for the house, Kiara following along.
Me: 	It's good to see they are finally getting along.
Narr:	You remain seated on the bench, head thrown back as you look at the sky.
Narr:	So many questions float through your head, questions yet unanswered.
Narr:	Why did the cabin burn down? What's going to happen to Red Falls now?
    Narr:	Your train of thought is interrupted by Eve seating herself next to you, a pack of cigarettes in hand.
    Narr:	She opens it and extends it toward you with a lighter.
    Narr:	For a moment, you ponder if you should, but ultimately decide that there is no harm in taking one. You put it between your lips.
    Narr:	With a smile on your face, you light her cigarette before lighting your own.
    Narr:	As you inhale, the smoke burning your lungs.
    Narr:	You watch as the tip of the cigarette crackles and burns, the images of Cabin 3 suddenly popping back into your head.
    Narr:	Your train of thought is interrupted by Emily seating herself next to you, not a single word exchanged between the two of you.
    Narr:	She scoots closer to you, resting her head on your shoulder.
    Narr:	With a smile on your face, you wrap your arm around her shoulders and bring her closer to you.
    Narr:	The two of you sit in the most comfortable silence you've ever experienced, gazing at the night sky.
Me: 	(What does this all mean?)
Me: 	(Could it all have been an accident?)
Me: 	(Why was Stacy not watching the eclipse with the others?)
    Narr:	Eve's hand rests on your leg, snapping you out of your troublesome thoughts.
    Narr:	At this moment, you think that everything is going to be alright.
    Narr:	Emily's hand rests on your leg, snapping you out of your troublesome thoughts.
    Narr:	At this moment, you think that everything is going to be alright.
Narr:	No...
Narr:	You know everything is going to be alright.
